
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.605275                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3605275418000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54844028684501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 141261                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   240573                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              252030526                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1888656                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14304.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2020722573                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3441375649                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       680768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            680768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       174784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         174784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        10637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              10637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         2731                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              2731                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       188826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               188826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0        48480                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               48480                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       237306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              237306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      10637                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      2731                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    10637                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    2731                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                679936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 173504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 680768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              174784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5               73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6               12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8               53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14              47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3605275203000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                10637                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                2731                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  10581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         4155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   205.431528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   124.504414                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   269.145396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2141     51.53%     51.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1178     28.35%     79.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          255      6.14%     86.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511           91      2.19%     88.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639           74      1.78%     89.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           53      1.28%     91.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           33      0.79%     92.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           39      0.94%     93.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          291      7.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         4155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    133.615385                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   764.164709                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          139     97.20%     97.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            3      2.10%     99.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.70%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.958042                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.881653                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.751756                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16               9      6.29%      6.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               2      1.40%      7.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              67     46.85%     54.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              22     15.38%     69.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              23     16.08%     86.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      2.10%     88.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               9      6.29%     94.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               4      2.80%     97.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               4      2.80%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                    93844000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              293044000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  53120000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     8833.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               27583.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     23.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    7349                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   1832                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                69.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               67.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 269694434.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   68.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                24479280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                13356750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               73671000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy               9292320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        235711965840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         81250786800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2094032271750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2411115823740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.113530                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3481904562750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120388060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2982675250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                27231120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                14858250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               75574200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy               8274960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        235711965840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         81753661035                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2093591154000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2411182719405                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.132066                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3481489501750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120388060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3397305750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       624896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            624896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       159488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         159488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1         9764                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               9764                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         2492                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              2492                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       173328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               173328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1        44237                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               44237                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       217566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              217566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       9764                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      2492                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     9764                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    2492                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                623872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 158016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 624896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              159488                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5               69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8               51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14              34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3605275535000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                 9764                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                2492                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   9715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         3513                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   222.569883                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   131.932928                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   285.989430                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1717     48.88%     48.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1005     28.61%     77.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          215      6.12%     83.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          102      2.90%     86.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639           64      1.82%     88.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           54      1.54%     89.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           30      0.85%     90.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           30      0.85%     91.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          296      8.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         3513                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          128                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    141.656250                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   809.244252                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          123     96.09%     96.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            3      2.34%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.78%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.78%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          128                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          128                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.289062                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.163388                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.358274                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16               9      7.03%      7.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              57     44.53%     51.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              19     14.84%     66.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              15     11.72%     78.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               5      3.91%     82.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22              16     12.50%     94.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.78%     95.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               3      2.34%     97.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26               1      0.78%     98.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.78%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::33               1      0.78%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          128                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                    69813000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              252588000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  48740000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     7161.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               25911.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     22.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    6927                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   1778                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                71.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               71.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 294164126.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   71.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                22022280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                12016125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               69903600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy               8430480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        235711965840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         81251173260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2094031932750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2411107444335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.111208                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3481947821000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120388060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2944707500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                24683400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                13468125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               71939400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy               7568640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        235711965840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         81609822675                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2093717328000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2411156776080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.124878                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3481700763750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120388060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3185663750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7211020133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19522790                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     34612812                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             29213336                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               8399337                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     612687                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2056421                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    29213336                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      8399337                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           56394577                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          22241341                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            14064330                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes            7474281                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            14166097                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           10446490                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      7746796                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    5752676                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   1994120                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7138446887.896887                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              72573245.103113                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.010064                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.989936                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2825060                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               120876      0.35%      0.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 22875264     66.09%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  213700      0.62%     67.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    38013      0.11%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                3618219     10.45%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 5752676     16.62%     94.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                1994120      5.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  34612868                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7211703389                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1994017637                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   3391963758                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           2756625406                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses            1010088517                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   49907547                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    199772573                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  2756625406                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                   1010088517                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         5216415701                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        2051836931                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads          1701898740                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          899765659                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1288190436                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes         1039073978                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    738023228                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  571676993                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 166346235                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              63995508.571946                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              7147707880.428054                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.991126                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.008874                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        261084300                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1505705      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               2188565589     64.52%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                24039761      0.71%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   210263      0.01%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              439619365     12.96%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               571676993     16.85%     95.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              166346235      4.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                3391963911                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7206120064                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    2577959                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      5558822                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              5436354                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     152719                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       392624                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     5436354                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           11041339                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4512653                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3138399                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1652281                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1322058                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     823858                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    498200                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              7195310891.157543                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              10809172.842457                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001500                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998500                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           594765                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               104272      1.88%      1.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4084495     73.48%     75.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   11322      0.20%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    36681      0.66%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  823858     14.82%     91.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 498200      8.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   5558828                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7213552504                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3220569                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      6688298                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              6559469                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1952                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     172263                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       490018                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     6559469                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1952                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           13320982                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           5408316                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                3276                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1552                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3740019                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2055350                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1580483                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     980756                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    599727                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7199493523.848309                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              14058980.151691                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.001949                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.998051                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           720213                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               101818      1.52%      1.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4953753     74.06%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   15001      0.22%     75.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    35877      0.54%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1456      0.02%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  980756     14.66%     91.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 599727      8.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   6688388                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  111                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 111                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3733                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3733                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                16                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               16                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    7720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3750                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3691                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3644                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3658                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3652                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3785                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    14912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               163000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                19997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              112000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2291994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2071480                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2279998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2285998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               10996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1455500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1394000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1380500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1560500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           45                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       184320                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           45                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   3588712794                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000248                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3588712574    100.00%    100.00% |         220      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   3588712794                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     3588712794                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.018323                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.003082                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.634646                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  3588706680    100.00%    100.00% |        5817      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |         133      0.00%    100.00% |          77      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       3588712794                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3584864940                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3584864940    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3584864940                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3847854                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.089429                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.642107                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     9.160501                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     3841740     99.84%     99.84% |        5817      0.15%     99.99% |          41      0.00%     99.99% |          45      0.00%     99.99% |         133      0.00%    100.00% |          77      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3847854                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      7695500                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        52373                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      7747873                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     27199677                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        58668                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     27258345                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    735606462                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2420253                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    738026715                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits   2803891862                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses      1182240                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses   2805074102                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           170                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1294217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        27135                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1321352                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      3397597                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        28562                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3426159                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1542836                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        39197                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1582033                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      4236789                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        39426                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4276215                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      3756287                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        91567                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      3847854                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.006637                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::0       111041                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3322                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        88365                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        43492                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        17605                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        18731                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       187530                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        24176                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2529                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       186075                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       888328                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       239184                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6362280                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3131424                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       140840                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1348632                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1500240                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       193408                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        20232                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1488600                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.213241                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      3602493                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         9901                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3572097                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        30219                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5217                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1373167                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7192152                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9726                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      5825402                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     28819944                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       712872                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    257190984                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2175768                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        41736                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     98868024                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     57537216                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        77808                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          568                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     46603216                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.003579                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::0        55697                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::2          924                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        40899                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        37608                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         9162                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         5721                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        82601                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        23740                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3327                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        91278                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       445576                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        66528                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2944728                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2707776                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        73296                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       411912                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       660808                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       189920                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        26616                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       730224                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.004589                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78623                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::2         6243                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        54926                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        30973                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2        11766                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        14365                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       126442                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        13659                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         6919                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       127479                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       628984                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       449496                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3954672                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2230056                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        94128                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1034280                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1011536                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       109272                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        55352                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1019832                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.224406                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      3847854                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::1        20338                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::2        41698                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3756287                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2        18124                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1414327                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7588724                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         4686                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        71301                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          990                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        10289                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      6250603                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     30782832                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       162704                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      3002256                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    270452664                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       144992                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    101831544                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     60709792                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        37488                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       570408                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         7920                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        82312                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     50004824                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.000487                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::1        10606                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::2        11117                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         1291                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         4073                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          500                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        10626                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        84848                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       800424                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        92952                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        32584                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         4000                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        85008                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.000444                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Request_Control::1         9732                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::2        10243                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         1052                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3587                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          490                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         9743                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        77856                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       737496                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        75744                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        28696                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         3920                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        77944                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.000033                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Data::2           74                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2974                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         5328                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23792                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        46080                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.050380                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::0      3847854                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::1        20338                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::2        41761                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3756287                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        71156                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2        30937                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1414327                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7588724                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         7660                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        71301                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          990                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        12846                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      6250603                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     30782832                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       162704                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      3006792                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    270452664                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      5123232                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       247496                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    101831544                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     60709792                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        61280                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        46080                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       570408                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         7920                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0       102768                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     50004824                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     11604576                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data       125283                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data     11268861                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data       213468                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        92811                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      4242981                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     22806433                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control       216873                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control        35981                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     18751809                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     92836608                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data      9020376                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data    811357992                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data     15369696                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       742488                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    305494632                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    182451464                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control      1734984                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control       287848                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    150014472                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007869                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3319                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        88365                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        19338                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        15058                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        93765                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        24176                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2529                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       238968                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6362280                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1392336                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       120464                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       750120                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       193408                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        20232                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005405                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       111041                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        24154                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2547                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        18731                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        93765                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       186075                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       888328                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1739088                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        20376                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1348632                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       750120                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1488600                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.249866                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         9852                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3572097                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        20543                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5146                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3596076                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9726                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       709344                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    257190984                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1479096                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        41168                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     28768608                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        77808                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          568                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.176617                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      3602493                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2           49                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         9676                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1373167                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3596076                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      5825402                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     28819944                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         3528                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       696672                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          568                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     98868024                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     28768608                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     46603216                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003990                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          924                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        40899                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        13871                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5835                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        41301                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        23740                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3327                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        66528                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2944728                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       998712                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        46680                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       330408                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       189920                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        26616                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003167                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        55697                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        23737                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3327                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         5721                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        41300                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        91278                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       445576                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1709064                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        26616                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       411912                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       330400                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       730224                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005517                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         6243                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        54926                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        17384                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4845                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        63221                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        13659                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         6919                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       449496                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3954672                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1251648                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        38760                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       505768                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       109272                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        55352                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003660                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78623                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        13589                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6921                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        14365                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        63221                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       127479                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       628984                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       978408                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        55368                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1034280                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       505768                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1019832                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.185611                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0      3847854                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        20390                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2           53                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1411984                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3794362                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2343                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          990                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      6230234                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     30782832                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1468080                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          424                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    101662848                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     30354896                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18744                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         7920                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     49841872                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.263201                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        20338                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        21308                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3756287                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        18071                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         2343                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3794362                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2343                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        71301                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        10289                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        20369                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       162704                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1534176                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    270452664                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       144568                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       168696                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     30354896                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18744                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       570408                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        82312                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       162952                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000287                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1        10606                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          480                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         1291                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2782                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        10626                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        84848                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        34560                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        92952                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        22256                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        85008                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000686                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        10637                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1291                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          500                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       765864                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        10328                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         4000                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000258                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1         9732                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          479                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         1052                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2535                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         9743                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        77856                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        34488                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        75744                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        20280                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        77944                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000630                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         9764                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1052                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          490                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       703008                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8416                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         3920                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000026                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           74                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         5328                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000041                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2974                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23792                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007869                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3319                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        88365                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        19338                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        15058                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        93765                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        24176                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2529                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       238968                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6362280                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1392336                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       120464                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       750120                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       193408                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        20232                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     0.249866                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         9852                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3572097                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        20543                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5146                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3596076                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9726                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       709344                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    257190984                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1479096                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        41168                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     28768608                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        77808                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          568                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.003990                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2          924                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        40899                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        13871                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5835                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        41300                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        23740                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3327                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        66528                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2944728                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       998712                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        46680                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       330400                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       189920                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        26616                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.005517                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2         6243                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        54926                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        17384                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4845                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        63221                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        13659                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         6919                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       449496                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3954672                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1251648                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        38760                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       505768                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       109272                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        55352                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     0.185611                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      3847854                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2        20390                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2           53                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1411984                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3794362                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2343                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          990                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      6230234                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     30782832                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1468080                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          424                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    101662848                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     30354896                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18744                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         7920                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     49841872                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.000287                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1        10606                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::2          480                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         1291                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2782                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        10626                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        84848                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        34560                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        92952                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        22256                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        85008                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000258                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1         9732                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::2          479                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         1052                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2535                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         9743                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        77856                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        34488                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        75744                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        20280                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        77944                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000026                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::2           74                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         5328                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    573303585                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.044696                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.007638                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      0.958829                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   573300567    100.00%    100.00% |        2917      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     573303585                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    571777785                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   571777785    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    571777785                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1525800                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    17.794236                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.445018                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.008836                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1522782     99.80%     99.80% |        2917      0.19%     99.99% |          23      0.00%     99.99% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1525800                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    169303552                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.107799                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.017209                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.736467                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   169301690    100.00%    100.00% |        1709      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          81      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     169303552                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    168313981                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   168313981    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    168313981                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       989571                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.443085                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.527370                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    13.331359                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      987709     99.81%     99.81% |        1709      0.17%     99.98% |          11      0.00%     99.99% |          12      0.00%     99.99% |          81      0.01%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       989571                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2840034821                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.007517                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001311                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.369052                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2840033753    100.00%    100.00% |        1034      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2840034821                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2838725925                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2838725925    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2838725925                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1308896                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    17.311388                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.156702                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.439290                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1307828     99.92%     99.92% |        1034      0.08%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1308896                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5808960                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.063681                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.009415                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.349735                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     5808891    100.00%    100.00% |          66      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      5808960                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5790970                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5790970    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      5790970                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        17990                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    21.562590                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.608765                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.913243                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       17921     99.62%     99.62% |          66      0.37%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        17990                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       130938                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.240335                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.151562                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.907867                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      130841     99.93%     99.93% |          91      0.07%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       130938                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       125341                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      125341    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       125341                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5597                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    30.016795                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    27.150491                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    25.633400                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5500     98.27%     98.27% |          91      1.63%     99.89% |           1      0.02%     99.91% |           2      0.04%     99.95% |           2      0.04%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5597                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       130938                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      130938    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       130938                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       130938                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      130938    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       130938                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |        6524     51.10%     51.10% |        6243     48.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total        12767                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |        4082     53.92%     53.92% |        3489     46.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total         7571                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |        1290     55.08%     55.08% |        1052     44.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total         2342                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |        3465     53.54%     53.54% |        3007     46.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total         6472                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |         617     56.14%     56.14% |         482     43.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total         1099                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |        7964     50.90%     50.90% |        7683     49.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total        15647                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |        1291     55.10%     55.10% |        1052     44.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total         2343                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       10637     52.14%     52.14% |        9764     47.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        20401                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        2731     52.29%     52.29% |        2492     47.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total         5223                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          51     54.26%     54.26% |          43     45.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           94                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1440     50.00%     50.00% |        1440     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |          20     64.52%     64.52% |          11     35.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total           31                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |         480     50.05%     50.05% |         479     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total          959                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |        5614     50.35%     50.35% |        5536     49.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total        11150                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |        3465     53.54%     53.54% |        3007     46.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total         6472                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |        1298     54.95%     54.95% |        1064     45.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total         2362                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          31     49.21%     49.21% |          32     50.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           63                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         960     49.97%     49.97% |         961     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1921                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |         910     56.28%     56.28% |         707     43.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total         1617                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |         617     56.14%     56.14% |         482     43.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total         1099                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |        1290     55.08%     55.08% |        1052     44.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total         2342                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          20     64.52%     64.52% |          11     35.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           31                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         480     50.05%     50.05% |         479     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          959                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |        3465     53.54%     53.54% |        3007     46.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total         6472                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |        3465     53.54%     53.54% |        3007     46.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total         6472                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |         617     56.14%     56.14% |         482     43.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total         1099                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |         617     56.14%     56.14% |         482     43.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total         1099                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |        6524     51.10%     51.10% |        6243     48.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total        12767                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |        6524     51.10%     51.10% |        6243     48.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total        12767                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |        1290     55.08%     55.08% |        1052     44.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total         2342                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data |          31     49.21%     49.21% |          32     50.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data::total           63                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock |        1440     50.00%     50.00% |        1440     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack |        1432     50.07%     50.07% |        1428     49.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack::total         2860                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data |         480     50.05%     50.05% |         479     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data::total          959                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |          20     64.52%     64.52% |          11     35.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total           31                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack       |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks      |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks::total         2880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5627866      0.98%      0.98% |   565993574     98.72%     99.71% |      764604      0.13%     99.84% |      917571      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    573303615                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    27258345      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072219658240    100.00%    100.00% |     3426159      0.00%    100.00% |     4276215      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072254619648                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2120013      1.21%      1.21% |   172033155     98.09%     99.30% |      556748      0.32%     99.62% |      664477      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    175374393                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       99863      2.62%      2.62% |     3597262     94.36%     96.98% |       46728      1.23%     98.20% |       68498      1.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3812351                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |          19     20.43%     20.43% |           1      1.08%     21.51% |           3      3.23%     24.73% |          70     75.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total           93                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        4271     23.69%     23.69% |        2793     15.49%     39.17% |        7469     41.42%     80.60% |        3499     19.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        18032                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |       19884     37.38%     37.38% |        6932     13.03%     50.42% |       16275     30.60%     81.02% |       10097     18.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        53188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |          18     90.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        2529     19.69%     19.69% |          71      0.55%     20.24% |        3327     25.90%     46.14% |        6919     53.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        12846                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       15058     48.76%     48.76% |        5146     16.66%     65.42% |        5835     18.89%     84.31% |        4845     15.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        30884                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       83663      3.47%      3.47% |     2227248     92.33%     95.80% |       41089      1.70%     97.50% |       60326      2.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      2412326                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       27359      1.91%      1.91% |     1375244     95.81%     97.71% |       14605      1.02%     98.73% |       18227      1.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      1435435                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       75034      3.15%      3.15% |     2222909     93.31%     96.46% |       35580      1.49%     97.95% |       48856      2.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      2382379                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |       18731      1.33%      1.33% |     1373167     97.25%     98.58% |        5721      0.41%     98.98% |       14365      1.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1411984                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       19172      1.89%      1.89% |      978500     96.58%     98.47% |        5167      0.51%     98.98% |       10319      1.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total      1013158                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |       27378      1.91%      1.91% |     1375245     95.80%     97.71% |       14609      1.02%     98.73% |       18297      1.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total      1435529                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       33201      2.18%      2.18% |     1441753     94.49%     96.67% |       21968      1.44%     98.11% |       28878      1.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      1525800                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       58668      4.48%      4.48% |     1182240     90.32%     94.81% |       28562      2.18%     96.99% |       39426      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      1308896                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       15226      1.52%      1.52% |      976268     97.36%     98.87% |        3305      0.33%     99.20% |        7988      0.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      1002787                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        6098     33.90%     33.90% |        1184      6.58%     40.48% |        5428     30.18%     70.66% |        5277     29.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        17987                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |     1925329      0.94%      0.94% |   203392617     98.84%     99.78% |      196069      0.10%     99.87% |      257545      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    205771560                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    27199677      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072218476544    100.00%    100.00% |     3397597      0.00%    100.00% |     4236789      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total 18446744072253310976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        3927     38.21%     38.21% |        2231     21.71%     59.91% |        1859     18.09%     78.00% |        2261     22.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        10278                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       77054      3.23%      3.23% |     2224688     93.13%     96.35% |       35953      1.51%     97.86% |       51143      2.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      2388838                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |         542     38.25%     38.25% |         126      8.89%     47.14% |         355     25.05%     72.19% |         394     27.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         1417                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2529     19.69%     19.69% |          71      0.55%     20.24% |        3327     25.90%     46.14% |        6919     53.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        12846                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |        2579     16.92%     16.92% |         156      1.02%     17.95% |       12163     79.81%     97.76% |         341      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total        15239                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          19     20.43%     20.43% |           1      1.08%     21.51% |           3      3.23%     24.73% |          70     75.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           93                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |         127     29.00%     29.00% |         113     25.80%     54.79% |         121     27.63%     82.42% |          77     17.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |        3435     21.24%     21.24% |        2418     14.95%     36.18% |        7157     44.24%     80.43% |        3166     19.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total        16176                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |        9040     38.71%     38.71% |        3456     14.80%     53.50% |        6673     28.57%     82.07% |        4187     17.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total        23356                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      275950      1.28%      1.28% |    21210206     98.45%     99.73% |       19812      0.09%     99.82% |       38243      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     21544211                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        2320      1.12%      1.12% |      203506     98.05%     99.17% |         437      0.21%     99.38% |        1282      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       207545                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        1324      0.93%      0.93% |      136276     96.21%     97.14% |        1422      1.00%     98.15% |        2625      1.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       141647                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         162     28.27%     28.27% |          98     17.10%     45.38% |         164     28.62%     74.00% |         149     26.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        3583     21.43%     21.43% |        2469     14.77%     36.20% |        7305     43.70%     79.90% |        3361     20.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        16718                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |        4569      4.55%      4.55% |       82628     82.35%     86.90% |        7705      7.68%     94.58% |        5437      5.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total       100339                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |         763      1.37%      1.37% |       54363     97.40%     98.77% |         179      0.32%     99.09% |         510      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total        55815                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |           6     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           3     25.00%     75.00% |           3     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |        7443      2.03%      2.03% |      342382     93.41%     95.44% |        9263      2.53%     97.96% |        7468      2.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total       366556                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |     3384780      0.98%      0.98% |   339846024     98.70%     99.68% |      506617      0.15%     99.83% |      586438      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    344323859                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |     2071091      1.20%      1.20% |   169882965     98.13%     99.33% |      545263      0.31%     99.64% |      618254      0.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total    173117573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       15260      1.21%      1.21% |     1234999     97.75%     98.96% |        3804      0.30%     99.26% |        9376      0.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      1263439                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         674     52.62%     52.62% |         277     21.62%     74.24% |         148     11.55%     85.79% |         182     14.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         1281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        6703     57.45%     57.45% |         881      7.55%     65.00% |        1935     16.59%     81.59% |        2148     18.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        11667                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |          18     90.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |        1452      6.43%      6.43% |       20176     89.37%     95.80% |         270      1.20%     96.99% |         679      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total        22577                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |       26667      2.72%      2.72% |      913821     93.22%     95.94% |        5702      0.58%     96.52% |       34107      3.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total       980297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |          10     55.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           4     22.22%     77.78% |           4     22.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |       19935      1.86%      1.86% |     1032863     96.62%     98.49% |        5346      0.50%     98.99% |       10829      1.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total      1068973                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        7526     48.76%     48.76% |        1981     12.83%     61.59% |        3101     20.09%     81.68% |        2828     18.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        15436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |       15226      1.52%      1.52% |      976268     97.36%     98.87% |        3305      0.33%     99.20% |        7988      0.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      1002787                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        7159     51.57%     51.57% |        2541     18.31%     69.88% |        2432     17.52%     87.40% |        1749     12.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        13881                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |        3927     38.21%     38.21% |        2231     21.71%     59.91% |        1859     18.09%     78.00% |        2261     22.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total        10278                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |          19     20.43%     20.43% |           1      1.08%     21.51% |           3      3.23%     24.73% |          70     75.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total           93                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         373     23.80%     23.80% |         624     39.82%     63.62% |         302     19.27%     82.90% |         268     17.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         1567                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |       19172      1.89%      1.89% |      978500     96.58%     98.47% |        5167      0.51%     98.98% |       10319      1.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total      1013158                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       83663      3.47%      3.47% |     2227248     92.33%     95.80% |       41089      1.70%     97.50% |       60326      2.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      2412326                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        8206      1.94%      1.94% |      396745     93.93%     95.88% |        9441      2.24%     98.11% |        7978      1.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       422370                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           6     23.08%     23.08% |          14     53.85%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           6     23.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total           26                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |       75034      3.15%      3.15% |     2222909     93.31%     96.46% |       35580      1.49%     97.95% |       48856      2.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total      2382379                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        2020     31.27%     31.27% |        1779     27.54%     58.81% |         374      5.79%     64.60% |        2287     35.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total         6460                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         127     29.00%     29.00% |         113     25.80%     54.79% |         121     27.63%     82.42% |          77     17.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       16584      1.18%      1.18% |     1371275     97.59%     98.77% |        5226      0.37%     99.15% |       12001      0.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1405086                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        2834705      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        1013158      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            438      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        1405086      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only      1953781      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS         435057      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX           959      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA             31      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IntAck              33      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks         12800      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data             20338      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive           52      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA         6460      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1405524      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack         2343      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock        4794705      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      1435529      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck              20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement         4396      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS         7571      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX        11151      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         1417      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX         1380      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only         5382      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         1078      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS        28385      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         1852      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX      1405086      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS        12644      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX         1726      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          149      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.Fwd_GETX           23      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS        10712      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX        14493      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          289      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only        14572      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS         4109      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.Fwd_GETX           27      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS      1933309      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX          100      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement         1920      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS         8943      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX          157      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only          113      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS         8716      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.Fwd_GETX            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS       421012      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX          136      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only      1933714      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS       421154      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement          133      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       410703      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       982163      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX          901      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_DMA           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement         2342      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFGX.Data_Exclusive           25      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFGXX.IntAck           27      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFGXX.All_Acks           27      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFGXX.Data_Exclusive           27      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSF.IntAck            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSF.All_Acks            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          149      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock        14572      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          289      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock         4109      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock       421154      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         1078      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         5382      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock      1933715      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock          113      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock         8716      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1405086      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         1417      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock        12644      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock          157      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock        16718      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock        15245      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock        10712      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock        14493      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data          7571      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock         7571      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data         11251      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data         1516      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks        12767      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock        12767      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock       982163      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock      1933309      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock       410704      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock         8943      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock       421012      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack         2342      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck           20      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.620914                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3620914427000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54859667693501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 141058                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   240334                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              251759470                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2138512                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14382.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2028757281                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3456581535                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2122816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           2122816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       816960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         816960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        33169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              33169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        12765                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             12765                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       586265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               586265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       225623                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              225623                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       811888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              811888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      33169                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     12765                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    33169                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   12765                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               2120640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2176                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 815744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                2122816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              816960                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    34                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             2575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             1712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             2066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             1770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             1854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             1759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             2237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             2028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             2248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            2090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            2024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            1669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            1702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            2675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             1364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             1036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            1258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3620912073000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                33169                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               12765                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  32382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    743                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        18691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   157.111765                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.194913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   205.278352                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        11322     60.57%     60.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4566     24.43%     85.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1076      5.76%     90.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          447      2.39%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          260      1.39%     94.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          194      1.04%     95.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          145      0.78%     96.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          143      0.77%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          538      2.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        18691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          711                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     58.507736                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   344.902313                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          707     99.44%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            3      0.42%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          711                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          711                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.926864                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.882870                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.281613                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             129     18.14%     18.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              18      2.53%     20.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             447     62.87%     83.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              63      8.86%     92.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              31      4.36%     96.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               5      0.70%     97.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22              10      1.41%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               4      0.56%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               4      0.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          711                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   321357998                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              942639248                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 165675000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     9698.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               28448.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     23.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   22408                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   4784                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                67.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               37.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  78828581.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   59.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                74224080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                40499250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              154299600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              40901760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        236733662880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         86092737300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2099170492500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2422306817370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.317690                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3490421081250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120910400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9585389000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                87386040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                47680875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              170547000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              41692320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        236733662880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         87170917950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2098224720000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2422476607065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.364536                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3489163405250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120910400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10843638500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2055360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           2055360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       790336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         790336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        32115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              32115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        12349                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             12349                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       567636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               567636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       218270                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              218270                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       785905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              785905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      32115                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     12349                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    32115                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   12349                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               2052864                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   2496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 788928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                2055360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              790336                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    39                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             2374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             1660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             1912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             1763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             1854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             1691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             2178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             2008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             2180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            2027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            1620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            1614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            2705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             1288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            1231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3620914158500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                32115                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               12349                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  31303                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        17719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   160.384672                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.731406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   209.248133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        10568     59.64%     59.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4405     24.86%     84.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1061      5.99%     90.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          414      2.34%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          263      1.48%     94.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          180      1.02%     95.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          156      0.88%     96.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          121      0.68%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          551      3.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        17719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          685                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     59.070073                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   352.090965                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          680     99.27%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            3      0.44%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.15%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.15%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          685                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          685                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.995620                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.942658                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.457481                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             116     16.93%     16.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              14      2.04%     18.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             445     64.96%     83.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              59      8.61%     92.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              19      2.77%     95.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               9      1.31%     96.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22              16      2.34%     98.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.15%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               3      0.44%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26               1      0.15%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.15%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::33               1      0.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          685                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   286798749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              888223749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 160380000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     8941.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               27691.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     22.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   21891                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   4794                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                68.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               38.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  81434737.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   60.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                69952680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                38168625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              149159400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              39132720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        236733662880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         86016968055                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2099236956750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2422284001110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.311395                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3490571189750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120910400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9435361500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                84150360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                45915375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              166849800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              40746240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        236733662880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         87042487545                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2098337378250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2422451190450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.357523                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3489352244500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120910400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10654828500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7239789334                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   20134682                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     35816856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             30391976                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               8406789                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     648271                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2131114                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    30391976                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      8406789                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           58831136                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          23179338                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            14076642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes            7480253                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            14707914                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           10796468                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      8058551                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    5939938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   2118613                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7163971947.506940                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              75817386.493060                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.010472                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.989528                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2949511                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               131011      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 23750710     66.31%     66.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  214445      0.60%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    38387      0.11%     67.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                3623931     10.12%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 5939938     16.58%     94.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                2118613      5.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  35817035                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7241398805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1996860306                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   3397322625                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           2761927853                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses            1010104752                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   50009508                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    200195968                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  2761927853                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                   1010104752                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         5226888881                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        2056070208                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads          1701925105                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          899778502                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1291018693                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes         1040955920                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    739203869                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  572358360                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 166845509                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              82097870.411841                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              7159300934.588160                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.988663                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.011337                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        261678518                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1528028      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               2192702842     64.54%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                24042796      0.71%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   214001      0.01%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              439631505     12.94%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               572358360     16.85%     95.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              166845509      4.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                3397323089                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7240486146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    4598969                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      9386025                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              9204421                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 20543                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     236182                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       675212                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     9204421                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        20543                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           18769748                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           7467921                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               32891                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              16023                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             5082186                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2736817                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      2294583                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1379704                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    914879                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              7219756208.257992                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              20729937.742008                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002863                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997137                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          1002968                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               124518      1.33%      1.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  6901274     73.53%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   12951      0.14%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    37493      0.40%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  15304      0.16%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1379704     14.70%     90.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 914879      9.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   9386139                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7246716798                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    5779706                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     11504070                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             11280202                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  8017                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     286243                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       829722                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    11280202                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         8017                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           22856765                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           9278048                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               12855                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               6219                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             6170875                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            3809729                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      2657784                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1670907                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    986877                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7219915022.080177                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              26801775.919822                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.003698                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.996302                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1207284                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               121650      1.06%      1.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  8662697     75.30%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   17863      0.16%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    38805      0.34%     76.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   5633      0.05%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1670907     14.52%     91.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 986877      8.58%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  11504448                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 6900                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                6900                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8429                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8429                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               846                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              846                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           92                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1606                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio        10370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        16128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   32350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4500                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8602                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           52                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8236                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3212                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          269                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8125                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         6848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         5185                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        16635                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    44858                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               245000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              7117482                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             8014000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3132992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2945970                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             3180990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             3165991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1211994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             4187500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             3620500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             3432000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy            13296000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           47                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       192512                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           47                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   7191597153                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000409                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7191595950    100.00%    100.00% |        1203      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   7191597153                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     7191597153                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.019441                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.003161                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.734666                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  7191569770    100.00%    100.00% |       25803      0.00%    100.00% |         404      0.00%    100.00% |         265      0.00%    100.00% |         611      0.00%    100.00% |         291      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       7191597153                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   7183722056                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7183722056    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   7183722056                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      7875097                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.753594                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.851642                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    13.343309                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     7847714     99.65%     99.65% |       25803      0.33%     99.98% |         404      0.01%     99.99% |         265      0.00%     99.99% |         611      0.01%    100.00% |         291      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      7875097                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      7996633                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        63752                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8060385                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     27992253                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        63910                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     28056163                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    736756315                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2460226                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    739216541                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits   2807620993                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses      1209443                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses   2808830436                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           173                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      2244109                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        54189                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2298298                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      6117862                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        43367                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      6161229                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      2585516                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        74415                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2659931                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      7543435                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        57941                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7601376                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      3876790                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       150453                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      4027243                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.007645                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::0       127662                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         6738                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        99114                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        48511                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        18937                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        24807                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       215332                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        26813                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2672                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       210521                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1021296                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       485136                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      7136208                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3492792                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       151496                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1786104                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1722656                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       214504                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        21376                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1684168                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.216376                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      3669669                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        25774                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3619815                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        36144                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7640                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1401409                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7314670                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12112                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          487                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      5925595                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     29357352                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1855728                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    260626680                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2602368                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        61120                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    100901448                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     58517360                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        96896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         3896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     47404760                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.006238                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::0        97556                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::2        13934                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        66734                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        44800                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2        10891                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        25508                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       157371                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        28036                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3717                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       150735                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       780448                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1003248                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4804848                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3225600                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        87128                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1836576                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1258968                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       224288                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        29736                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1205880                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.007960                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::0       132356                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        18827                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        91127                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        40589                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2        14805                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        39147                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       221862                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        18345                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         7075                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       204140                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1058848                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1355544                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6561144                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2922408                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       118440                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2818584                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1774896                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       146760                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        56600                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1633120                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.236181                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4027243                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::1        65221                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::2       131464                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3876790                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2        24437                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1512977                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7909234                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        44212                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        85306                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          992                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        11345                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      6556245                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     32217944                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       521768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      9465408                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    279128880                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       195496                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    108934344                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     63273872                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       353696                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       682448                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         7936                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        90760                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     52449960                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.001719                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::1        33138                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::2        33649                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        11261                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        24079                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          502                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        33160                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       265104                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2422728                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       810792                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       192632                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         4016                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       265280                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.001663                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Request_Control::1        32083                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::2        32594                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        10845                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        23237                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          490                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        32094                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       256664                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2346768                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       780840                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       185896                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         3920                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       256752                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.000034                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Data::2           74                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         5328                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1584                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24832                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        48128                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.053092                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4027243                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::1        65221                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::2       131527                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3876790                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        85033                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2        38355                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1512977                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7909234                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        47316                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        85306                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          992                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        13951                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      6556245                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     32217944                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       521768                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      9469944                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    279128880                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      6122376                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       306840                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    108934344                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     63273872                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       378528                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        48128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       682448                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         7936                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0       111608                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     52449960                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     12277392                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data       394581                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data     11630370                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data       255099                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control       115065                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      4538931                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     23887699                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control       258894                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control        39247                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     19668735                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     98219136                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data     28409832                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data    837386640                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data     18367128                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       920520                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    326803032                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    191101592                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control      2071152                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control       313976                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    157349880                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.008988                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         6735                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        99114                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        21757                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        16247                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       107666                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        26813                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2672                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       484920                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      7136208                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1566504                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       129976                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       861328                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       214504                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        21376                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006301                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       127662                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        26754                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2690                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        24807                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       107666                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       210521                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1021296                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1926288                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        21520                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1786104                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       861328                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1684168                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.253416                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        25725                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3619815                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        24105                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7151                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3657335                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12112                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          487                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1852200                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    260626680                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1735560                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        57208                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     29258680                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        96896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         3896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.179337                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      3669669                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2           49                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12039                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          489                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1401409                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3657335                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      5925595                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     29357352                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         3528                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       866808                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3912                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    100901448                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     29258680                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     47404760                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006870                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        13934                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        66734                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        16826                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7174                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78686                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        28036                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3717                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1003248                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4804848                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1211472                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        57392                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       629488                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       224288                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        29736                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005607                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        97556                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        27974                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3717                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        25508                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78685                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       150735                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       780448                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2014128                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        29736                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1836576                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       629480                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1205880                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.009214                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        18827                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        91127                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        22323                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7728                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       110931                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        18345                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         7075                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1355544                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6561144                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1607256                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        61824                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       887448                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       146760                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        56600                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006706                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       132356                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        18266                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7077                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        39147                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       110931                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       204140                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1058848                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1315152                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        56616                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2818584                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       887448                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1633120                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.196782                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4027243                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        65273                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2           55                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1490871                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3954617                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        22106                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          992                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      6490991                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     32217944                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      4699656                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          440                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    107342712                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     31636936                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       176848                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         7936                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     51927928                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.275580                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        65221                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        66191                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3876790                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        24382                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        22106                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3954617                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        22106                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        85306                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        11345                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        65254                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       521768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      4765752                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    279128880                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       195056                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1591632                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     31636936                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       176848                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       682448                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        90760                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       522032                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001286                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1        33138                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          480                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        11261                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        12818                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        33160                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       265104                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        34560                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       810792                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       102544                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       265280                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002153                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        33169                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        11261                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          502                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2388168                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        90088                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         4016                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001243                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1        32083                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          479                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        10845                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        12392                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        32094                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       256664                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        34488                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       780840                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        99136                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       256752                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002084                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        32115                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10845                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          490                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2312280                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        86760                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         3920                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000027                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           74                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         5328                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1584                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000042                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24832                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.008988                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         6735                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        99114                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        21757                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        16247                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       107666                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        26813                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2672                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       484920                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      7136208                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1566504                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       129976                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       861328                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       214504                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        21376                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     0.253416                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        25725                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3619815                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        24105                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7151                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3657335                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12112                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          487                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1852200                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    260626680                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1735560                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        57208                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     29258680                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        96896                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         3896                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.006870                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2        13934                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        66734                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        16826                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7174                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78685                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        28036                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3717                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1003248                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4804848                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1211472                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        57392                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       629480                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       224288                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        29736                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.009214                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        18827                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        91127                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        22323                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7728                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       110931                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        18345                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         7075                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1355544                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6561144                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1607256                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        61824                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       887448                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       146760                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        56600                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     0.196782                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4027243                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2        65273                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2           55                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1490871                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3954617                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        22106                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          992                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      6490991                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     32217944                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      4699656                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          440                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    107342712                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     31636936                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       176848                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         7936                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     51927928                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.001286                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1        33138                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::2          480                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        11261                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        12818                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        33160                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       265104                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        34560                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       810792                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       102544                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       265280                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.001243                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1        32083                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::2          479                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        10845                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        12392                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        32094                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       256664                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        34488                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       780840                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        99136                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       256752                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000027                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::2           74                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         5328                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1584                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1148633149                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.047275                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.007825                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.109833                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |  1148620498    100.00%    100.00% |       12081      0.00%    100.00% |         167      0.00%    100.00% |         114      0.00%    100.00% |         203      0.00%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total    1148633149                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1145513834                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1145513834    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1145513834                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3119315                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.408316                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.639149                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.301879                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     3106664     99.59%     99.59% |       12081      0.39%     99.98% |         167      0.01%     99.99% |         114      0.00%     99.99% |         203      0.01%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3119315                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    339992178                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.116737                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.017599                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.088698                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   339983226    100.00%    100.00% |        8170      0.00%    100.00% |         181      0.00%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |         330      0.00%    100.00% |         171      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     339992178                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    337975179                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   337975179    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    337975179                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2016999                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.677524                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.929582                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    18.721028                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     2008047     99.56%     99.56% |        8170      0.41%     99.96% |         181      0.01%     99.97% |          94      0.00%     99.97% |         330      0.02%     99.99% |         171      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2016999                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   5690684025                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.007806                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001343                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.399728                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  5690679072    100.00%    100.00% |        4771      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   5690684025                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   5688000468                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5688000468    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   5688000468                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2683557                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    17.552960                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.228918                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.059780                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     2678604     99.82%     99.82% |        4771      0.18%     99.99% |          44      0.00%     99.99% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2683557                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     11688341                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.070116                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.010004                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.544106                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    11688061    100.00%    100.00% |         267      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     11688341                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11650130                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11650130    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     11650130                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        38211                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    22.447620                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.006482                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    16.456953                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       37931     99.27%     99.27% |         267      0.70%     99.97% |           3      0.01%     99.97% |           2      0.01%     99.98% |           6      0.02%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        38211                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       299730                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.932936                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.210261                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.599042                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      299183     99.82%     99.82% |         514      0.17%     99.99% |           9      0.00%     99.99% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       299730                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       282715                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      282715    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       282715                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        17015                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.049897                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    28.837948                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    35.727523                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       16468     96.79%     96.79% |         514      3.02%     99.81% |           9      0.05%     99.86% |          12      0.07%     99.93% |           9      0.05%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        17015                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       299730                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      299730    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       299730                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       299730                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      299730    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       299730                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |       18374     50.52%     50.52% |       17999     49.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total        36373                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |       14764     51.18%     51.18% |       14084     48.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total        28848                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |       11257     50.94%     50.94% |       10842     49.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total        22099                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |           4     57.14%     57.14% |           3     42.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |       11420     51.11%     51.11% |       10923     48.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total        22343                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |        3344     51.41%     51.41% |        3161     48.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total         6505                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       19878     50.48%     50.48% |       19503     49.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total        39381                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |       11261     50.94%     50.94% |       10845     49.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total        22106                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       33169     50.81%     50.81% |       32115     49.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        65284                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       12765     50.83%     50.83% |       12349     49.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        25114                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          53     55.21%     55.21% |          43     44.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           96                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1504     50.00%     50.00% |        1504     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |          22     66.67%     66.67% |          11     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total           33                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |         480     50.05%     50.05% |         479     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total          959                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |       12981     50.30%     50.30% |       12826     49.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total        25807                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |       11420     51.11%     51.11% |       10923     48.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total        22343                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |       11265     50.93%     50.93% |       10855     49.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total        22120                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          31     49.21%     49.21% |          32     50.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           63                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        1024     49.98%     49.98% |        1025     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2049                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |        5393     51.04%     51.04% |        5173     48.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total        10566                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |        3344     51.41%     51.41% |        3161     48.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total         6505                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |           4     57.14%     57.14% |           3     42.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |       11257     50.94%     50.94% |       10842     49.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total        22099                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |           4     57.14%     57.14% |           3     42.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          22     66.67%     66.67% |          11     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           33                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         480     50.05%     50.05% |         479     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          959                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |       11420     51.11%     51.11% |       10923     48.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total        22343                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |       11420     51.11%     51.11% |       10923     48.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total        22343                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |        3344     51.41%     51.41% |        3161     48.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total         6505                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |        3344     51.41%     51.41% |        3161     48.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total         6505                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |       18374     50.52%     50.52% |       17999     49.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total        36373                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |       18374     50.52%     50.52% |       17999     49.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total        36373                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |       11257     50.94%     50.94% |       10842     49.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total        22099                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |           4     57.14%     57.14% |           3     42.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data |          31     49.21%     49.21% |          32     50.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data::total           63                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock |        1504     50.00%     50.00% |        1504     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack |        1496     50.08%     50.08% |        1491     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack::total         2987                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data |         480     50.05%     50.05% |         479     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data::total          959                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |          22     66.67%     66.67% |          11     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total           33                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack       |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks      |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks::total         3008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5806095      1.01%      1.01% |   566655030     98.49%     99.50% |     1297499      0.23%     99.73% |     1570995      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    575329619                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    28056164      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072223414272    100.00%    100.00% |     6161230      0.00%    100.00% |     7601376      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072265232384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2254296      1.27%      1.27% |   172561536     97.54%     98.82% |     1000800      0.57%     99.38% |     1088964      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    176905596                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      114716      2.88%      2.88% |     3659167     92.00%     94.88% |       85925      2.16%     97.04% |      117541      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3977349                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |          56     25.34%     25.34% |          24     10.86%     36.20% |          62     28.05%     64.25% |          79     35.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total          221                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        5459     22.48%     22.48% |        3736     15.38%     37.86% |        9414     38.76%     76.62% |        5679     23.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        24288                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |       22322     34.99%     34.99% |        9281     14.55%     49.53% |       19569     30.67%     80.20% |       12632     19.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        63804                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |          18     81.82%     81.82% |           2      9.09%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        2672     19.15%     19.15% |         487      3.49%     22.64% |        3717     26.64%     49.29% |        7075     50.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        13951                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       16247     42.42%     42.42% |        7151     18.67%     61.09% |        7174     18.73%     79.82% |        7728     20.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        38300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       92812      3.69%      3.69% |     2270511     90.17%     93.86% |       63298      2.51%     96.37% |       91383      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      2518004                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       34794      2.31%      2.31% |     1399134     92.72%     95.02% |       34196      2.27%     97.29% |       40894      2.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      1509018                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       82859      3.36%      3.36% |     2255926     91.56%     94.93% |       53178      2.16%     97.09% |       71784      2.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      2463747                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |       24807      1.66%      1.66% |     1401409     94.00%     95.66% |       25508      1.71%     97.37% |       39147      2.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1490871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       24075      2.27%      2.27% |      993636     93.82%     96.10% |       17656      1.67%     97.76% |       23700      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total      1059067                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |       34850      2.31%      2.31% |     1399158     92.71%     95.02% |       34259      2.27%     97.29% |       40973      2.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total      1509240                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       39677      2.49%      2.49% |     1466590     92.03%     94.52% |       36533      2.29%     96.82% |       50715      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      1593515                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       63910      4.65%      4.65% |     1209443     87.98%     92.63% |       43367      3.15%     95.79% |       57941      4.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      1374661                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       19778      1.90%      1.90% |      987357     94.78%     96.68% |       14780      1.42%     98.10% |       19824      1.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      1041739                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        7050     31.02%     31.02% |        1828      8.04%     39.06% |        7240     31.85%     70.92% |        6610     29.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        22728                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |     1974091      0.96%      0.96% |   203567800     98.69%     99.65% |      318076      0.15%     99.80% |      406141      0.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    206266108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    27992253      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072222205952    100.00%    100.00% |     6117862      0.00%    100.00% |     7543435      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total 18446744072263858176                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4241     24.79%     24.79% |        6255     36.56%     61.36% |        2814     16.45%     77.80% |        3797     22.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        17107                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       85706      3.45%      3.45% |     2263812     91.04%     94.49% |       56878      2.29%     96.77% |       80212      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      2486608                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |         737     33.14%     33.14% |         382     17.18%     50.31% |         524     23.56%     73.88% |         581     26.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         2224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2672     19.15%     19.15% |         487      3.49%     22.64% |        3717     26.64%     49.29% |        7075     50.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        13951                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |        2702     14.80%     14.80% |         206      1.13%     15.93% |       12379     67.82%     83.75% |        2966     16.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total        18253                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          56     25.34%     25.34% |          24     10.86%     36.20% |          62     28.05%     64.25% |          79     35.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          221                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |         208     25.00%     25.00% |         160     19.23%     44.23% |         218     26.20%     70.43% |         246     29.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          832                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |        3572     20.98%     20.98% |        2493     14.64%     35.62% |        7654     44.95%     80.58% |        3307     19.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total        17026                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |        9138     38.38%     38.38% |        3597     15.11%     53.49% |        6776     28.46%     81.95% |        4296     18.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total        23807                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      292772      1.35%      1.35% |    21276027     98.02%     99.37% |       56705      0.26%     99.63% |       79996      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     21705500                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        3189      1.45%      1.45% |      207984     94.67%     96.12% |        2335      1.06%     97.18% |        6185      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       219693                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        2402      1.58%      1.58% |      139385     91.83%     93.41% |        4372      2.88%     96.29% |        5627      3.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       151786                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         224     20.49%     20.49% |         179     16.38%     36.87% |         488     44.65%     81.52% |         202     18.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1093                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        3830     21.24%     21.24% |        2616     14.51%     35.76% |        7962     44.16%     79.92% |        3620     20.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        18028                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |        5934      5.04%      5.04% |       88966     75.60%     80.65% |       12093     10.28%     90.92% |       10683      9.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total       117676                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |        1080      1.81%      1.81% |       55394     93.05%     94.86% |        1543      2.59%     97.45% |        1517      2.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total        59534                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |          42     72.41%     72.41% |          12     20.69%     93.10% |           0      0.00%     93.10% |           4      6.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total           58                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |         122     38.01%     38.01% |          71     22.12%     60.12% |         119     37.07%     97.20% |           9      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total          321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |        9695      2.48%      2.48% |      350128     89.63%     92.11% |       15060      3.86%     95.97% |       15756      4.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total       390639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |     3488945      1.01%      1.01% |   340233971     98.45%     99.46% |      860213      0.25%     99.71% |     1016249      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    345599378                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |     2174016      1.25%      1.25% |   170318901     97.68%     98.92% |      906237      0.52%     99.44% |      970470      0.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total    174369624                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       19350      1.47%      1.47% |     1253978     95.33%     96.80% |       17217      1.31%     98.11% |       24846      1.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      1315391                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |        1615     26.50%     26.50% |        1052     17.26%     43.76% |        1264     20.74%     64.51% |        2163     35.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         6094                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        7623     45.40%     45.40% |        1767     10.52%     55.92% |        3306     19.69%     75.61% |        4095     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        16791                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |          18     81.82%     81.82% |           2      9.09%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |        1968      6.75%      6.75% |       21445     73.61%     80.36% |        1499      5.15%     85.51% |        4222     14.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total        29134                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |       51936      4.34%      4.34% |      985621     82.29%     86.63% |       73029      6.10%     92.73% |       87087      7.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total      1197673                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX |           6     35.29%     35.29% |           0      0.00%     35.29% |           8     47.06%     82.35% |           3     17.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |         872     33.12%     33.12% |         848     32.21%     65.32% |         882     33.50%     98.82% |          31      1.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total         2633                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |       25155      2.25%      2.25% |     1049030     93.78%     96.03% |       19199      1.72%     97.75% |       25217      2.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total      1118601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        8326     39.92%     39.92% |        3415     16.37%     56.30% |        4057     19.45%     75.75% |        5057     24.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        20855                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |       19778      1.90%      1.90% |      987357     94.78%     96.68% |       14780      1.42%     98.10% |       19824      1.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      1041739                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        7439     50.62%     50.62% |        2735     18.61%     69.23% |        2529     17.21%     86.43% |        1994     13.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        14697                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |        4241     24.79%     24.79% |        6255     36.56%     61.36% |        2814     16.45%     77.80% |        3797     22.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total        17107                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |          56     25.34%     25.34% |          24     10.86%     36.20% |          62     28.05%     64.25% |          79     35.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total          221                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         482     17.54%     17.54% |        1001     36.43%     53.97% |         588     21.40%     75.36% |         677     24.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         2748                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |       24075      2.27%      2.27% |      993636     93.82%     96.10% |       17656      1.67%     97.76% |       23700      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total      1059067                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       92812      3.69%      3.69% |     2270511     90.17%     93.86% |       63298      2.51%     96.37% |       91383      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      2518004                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |       10775      2.39%      2.39% |      405522     90.08%     92.48% |       16602      3.69%     96.16% |       17273      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       450172                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           6     13.64%     13.64% |          20     45.45%     59.09% |           1      2.27%     61.36% |          17     38.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total           44                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           6     75.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |       82859      3.36%      3.36% |     2255926     91.56%     94.93% |       53178      2.16%     97.09% |       71784      2.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total      2463747                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        2847     12.45%     12.45% |        7886     34.49%     46.95% |        3701     16.19%     63.14% |        8428     36.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total        22862                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         208     25.00%     25.00% |         160     19.23%     44.23% |         218     26.20%     70.43% |         246     29.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          832                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     45.45%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           6     54.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       21752      1.48%      1.48% |     1393363     94.97%     96.45% |       21589      1.47%     97.92% |       30473      2.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1467177                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        2968659      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        1059072      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            832      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        1467177      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only      2026183      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS         460427      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX           959      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA             33      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IntAck              33      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks         36406      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data             65221      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive           52      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA        22862      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1468009      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack        22106      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock        4981751      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      1509240      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck              22      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement        36185      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS        28848      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX        26215      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         2224      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX         6456      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only        21181      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         1681      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS        34819      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         7185      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX      1467177      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA           22      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS        12969      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX         1787      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          371      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.Fwd_GETX           23      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS        10838      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX        15410      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          461      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only        15174      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS         4170      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.Fwd_GETX           27      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS      1990484      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX         2086      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement        13520      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS         9140      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX          209      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only          285      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS         8876      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.Fwd_GETX            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS       445473      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX         1616      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only      1989543      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS       445698      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement          559      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       433381      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       998103      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX          901      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_DMA           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement        22099      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFGX.Data_Exclusive           25      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFGXX.IntAck           27      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFGXX.All_Acks           27      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFGXX.Data_Exclusive           27      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSF.IntAck            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSF.All_Acks            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          371      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock        15174      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          461      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock         4170      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock       445698      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         1681      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA        21181      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock      1989544      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock          285      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock         8876      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1467177      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         2224      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock        12969      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock          209      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS          102      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETX            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock        18028      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock        25763      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock        10838      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS           81      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock        15410      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_GETS          287      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data         28848      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock        28848      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data         28301      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data         8072      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks        36373      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock        36373      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock       998103      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock      1990484      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock       433382      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock         9140      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_GETS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock       445473      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack        22099      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck           22      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
