
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.799844                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                799843731000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54312551171001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 100435                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   166317                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              287141120                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2188612                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2785.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   279765022                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     463284006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    120450432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         120450432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     64060608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       64060608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1882038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1882038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1000947                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           1000947                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    150592456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            150592456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     80091405                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            80091405                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    230683861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           230683861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1882038                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   1000947                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1882038                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 1000947                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             120412864                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  37568                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               64060800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              120450432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            64060608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   587                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           114562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           116542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           118629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           115394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           116990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           114059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           114831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           115422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           122270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           127454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          121637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          119119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          116351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          117382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          118254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          112555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            61766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            61847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            62594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            62212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            61341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            60877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            61179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            61158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            65104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            64898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           63807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           63473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           63647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           63295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           62342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           61410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 799843522000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1882038                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             1000947                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1876064                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 44647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 46445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 55246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 57313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 57389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 57023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 56836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 56737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 56747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 56803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 56861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 56924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 56837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 57026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 57413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 57185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 56696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 56692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      2700862                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    68.301844                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    66.451354                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    32.484384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2572153     95.23%     95.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       123170      4.56%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2302      0.09%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          441      0.02%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          280      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          229      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          225      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          332      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1730      0.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      2700862                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        56690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     33.189257                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.680552                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-15           932      1.64%      1.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        25109     44.29%     45.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-47        27871     49.16%     95.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-63         2346      4.14%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-79          134      0.24%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-95           52      0.09%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           40      0.07%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-127           52      0.09%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           48      0.08%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::144-159           34      0.06%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::160-175           27      0.05%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::176-191           17      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-207           14      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            8      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::224-239            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::496-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        56690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        56690                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.656553                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.635316                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.850615                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           10640     18.77%     18.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17            1337      2.36%     21.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           41785     73.71%     94.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            2768      4.88%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             129      0.23%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              15      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22              10      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        56690                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 41619799482                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            76897005732                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                9407255000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    22121.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               40871.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      150.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       80.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   150.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    80.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  114070                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  67471                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                 6.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                6.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    277435.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                    6.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             10074297240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              5496888375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             7300971600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            3194964000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         52779882480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        490341992985                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy         54723831000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          623912827680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           772.092281                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  83836914500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  26708760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 689304792000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             10375366680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              5661162375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             7528700400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            3293168400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         52779882480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        491595129720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy         53624588250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          624857998305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           773.261930                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  83061281500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  26708760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 690079428500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    120513920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         120513920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     64186432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       64186432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1883030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1883030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1002913                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1002913                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    150671832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            150671832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     80248715                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            80248715                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    230920547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           230920547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1883030                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   1002913                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1883030                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 1002913                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             120475200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  38720                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               64186368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              120513920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            64186432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   605                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           114680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           116781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           119307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           114729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           117149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           115312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           114879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           114825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           122059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           127090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          122157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          118752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          116055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          118335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          117410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          112905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            61616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            62318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            63217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            61682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            61668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            61625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            61459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            61011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            64872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            65016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           64114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           63353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           63430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           63607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           62159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           61765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 799844077500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1883030                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             1002913                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1877099                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   5302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 45005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 46831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 55373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 57366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 57422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 57094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 56908                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 56806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 56822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 56874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 56959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 57015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 56919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 57104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 57458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 57291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 56773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 56762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      2703733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    68.298744                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    66.451977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    32.449458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2574686     95.23%     95.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       123628      4.57%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2170      0.08%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          433      0.02%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          291      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          254      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          216      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          323      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1732      0.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      2703733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        56762                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     33.165005                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.685696                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-31         26230     46.21%     46.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-63        30115     53.05%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-95          164      0.29%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           97      0.17%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           91      0.16%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           37      0.07%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           19      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        56762                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        56762                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.668722                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.647713                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.846519                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           10385     18.30%     18.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17            1309      2.31%     20.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           42029     74.04%     94.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            2873      5.06%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             136      0.24%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              10      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22              12      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        56762                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 41625155232                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            76920623982                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                9412125000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    22112.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               40862.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      150.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       80.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   150.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    80.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  114086                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  67519                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                 6.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                6.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    277151.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                    6.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             10098912600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              5510319375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             7310035200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            3205429200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         52779882480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        490042418085                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy         54986616000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          623933612940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           772.118003                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  84280107500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  26708760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 688854657500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             10372183920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              5659425750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             7526844000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            3295436400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         52779882480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        491533914285                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy         53678286000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          624845972835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           773.247049                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  83151869251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  26708760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 689988452749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1594891664                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1416535                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2966329                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2912764                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    68                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      78536                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       240701                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2912764                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           68                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            5695994                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2390156                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  70                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                 62                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1818133                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             982701                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       607635                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     377250                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    230385                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1588678378.217719                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6213285.782281                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.003896                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.996104                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           343619                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                36471      1.23%      1.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2309696     77.85%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    3878      0.13%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     9186      0.31%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                     24      0.00%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  377250     12.72%     92.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 230385      7.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2966890                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      1597783334                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    3737444                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7330471                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7216801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1928                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     172097                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       666297                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7216801                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1928                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           14105673                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           5859634                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                3235                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             4812611                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2605244                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1521636                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     995530                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    526106                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1581619924.464933                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              16163409.535067                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.010116                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.989884                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           875944                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                35483      0.48%      0.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  5757635     78.54%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    8334      0.11%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     6030      0.08%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1446      0.02%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                  995530     13.58%     92.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 526106      7.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7330564                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      1599900465                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  269293127                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    442594341                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            346567846                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses             109594681                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    5376300                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     16419493                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   346567846                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                    109594681                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          737171163                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         276084354                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads           204618310                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes          105641720                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           177457881                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          152785578                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     92895278                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   73865367                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  19029911                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              18314048.247671                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1581586416.752329                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.988553                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.011447                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         26491866                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              3913052      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                254769589     57.56%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    2782      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                      609      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               91015565     20.56%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                73865367     16.69%     95.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               19029911      4.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 442596875                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      1601613340                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2085338                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      4174300                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              4068829                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   372                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      86028                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       363716                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     4068829                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          372                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads            7808016                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           3322114                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 596                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                261                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             2654164                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1614403                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       806805                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     499210                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    307595                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              1590310705.045309                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              11302634.954691                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.007057                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.992943                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           479761                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                27666      0.66%      0.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  3328317     79.73%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    3852      0.09%     80.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     7504      0.18%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                    244      0.01%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  499210     11.96%     92.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 307595      7.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   4174388                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  554                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 554                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1813                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1813                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                75                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               75                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          900                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1351                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          490                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          908                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1426                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          330                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1275                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          370                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1310                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5610                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              2358500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                20497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              113000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              591484                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              600982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              666272                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              608984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              109941                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              910500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              922500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              758000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              798500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          886                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      3629056                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          886                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           37                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       151552                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           37                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    486226400                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000667                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   486226184    100.00%    100.00% |         216      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    486226400                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      486226400                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.321008                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.062439                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        14.552657                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   486147429     99.98%     99.98% |       36477      0.01%     99.99% |       42158      0.01%    100.00% |         322      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        486226400                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    478728222                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   478728222    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    478728222                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      7498178                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    86.661987                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    50.780741                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    80.673702                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     7419207     98.95%     98.95% |       36477      0.49%     99.43% |       42158      0.56%    100.00% |         322      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      7498178                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       598640                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15123                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       613763                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1815024                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        18136                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1833160                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1472693                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        50966                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1523659                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      4743313                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        28340                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4771653                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits    104462404                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      7301994                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    111764398                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits    362161514                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        21494                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses    362183008                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            23                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits       767401                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        41483                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       808884                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      2707233                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        20642                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      2727875                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      3739815                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      3758363                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      7498178                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.010769                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::0        33259                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         5365                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        22157                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        22277                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3468                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         9228                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        53422                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        16546                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          402                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        50742                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       266072                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       386280                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1595304                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1603944                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        27744                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       664416                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       427376                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       132368                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         3216                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       405936                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.023666                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        79306                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        18190                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        55423                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        11419                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2647                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        45457                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       144778                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1208                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       106238                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       634448                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1309680                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3990456                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       822168                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        21176                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3272904                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1158224                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        46080                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9664                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       849904                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     2.248761                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::0      7323488                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3657742                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3632650                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        34787                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1596                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      5179674                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     14585466                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1713                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          116                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      9436547                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     58587904                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    263357424                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    261550800                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2504664                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        12768                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    372936528                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    116683728                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        13704                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          928                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     75492376                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.019984                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::0        62125                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        27302                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        29585                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        31507                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2512                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        23819                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        92704                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        26293                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          523                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        84658                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       497000                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1965744                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2130120                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2268504                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        20096                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1714968                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       741632                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       210344                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         4184                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       677264                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     3.270841                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      7498178                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::1      3708532                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      7418267                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3739815                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5740                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      7259670                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     14876370                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      4002984                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        50312                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1550                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2137                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     13387318                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     59985424                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     29668256                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    534115224                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    269266680                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        45920                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    522696240                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    119010960                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     32023872                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       402496                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        12400                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        17096                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    107098544                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.495112                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1853768                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1882510                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       999763                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2029359                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          851                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1854147                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     14830144                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    135540720                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     71982936                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     16234872                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         6808                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     14833176                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.495614                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1854764                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1883507                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1001729                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2033130                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          699                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1854986                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     14838112                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    135612504                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     72124488                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     16265040                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         5592                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     14839888                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.009041                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Data::2        56723                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          414                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Control::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        59505                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      4084056                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        29808                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       476040                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        37888                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.730421                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::0      7498178                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::1      3708532                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::2      7474803                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3739815                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        50202                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7989                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      7259670                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     14876370                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      4062489                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        50312                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1550                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2249                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     13387318                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     59985424                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     29668256                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    538185816                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    269266680                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3614544                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        63912                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    522696240                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    119010960                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     32499912                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        37888                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       402496                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        12400                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        17992                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    107098544                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     33620130                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     22424409                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data     11219445                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data       150606                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        23967                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     21779010                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     56830785                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control       155586                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control         6680                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     40161954                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    268961040                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1614557448                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data    807800040                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data     10843632                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       191736                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   1568088720                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    454646280                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control      1244688                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control        53440                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    321295632                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.010813                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         5365                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        22157                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         5734                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2980                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        26711                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        16546                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          402                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       386280                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1595304                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       412848                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        23840                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       213688                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       132368                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         3216                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.010725                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        33259                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        16543                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          488                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         9228                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        26711                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        50742                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       266072                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1191096                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3904                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       664416                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       213688                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       405936                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.024824                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        18123                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        55423                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         5743                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1250                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        72389                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1208                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1304856                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3990456                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       413496                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        10000                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       579112                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        46080                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9664                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022508                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        79306                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2           67                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         5676                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1397                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        45457                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        72389                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       106238                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       634448                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         4824                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       408672                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        11176                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3272904                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       579112                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       849904                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     2.288175                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3657742                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3632650                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        33085                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1449                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7292733                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1713                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          116                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    263357424                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    261550800                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2382120                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        11592                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     58341864                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        13704                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          928                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     2.209347                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      7323488                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1702                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          147                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      5179674                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7292733                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      9436547                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     58587904                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       122544                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1176                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    372936528                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     58341864                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     75492376                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019818                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        27302                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        29585                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         5226                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1881                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        46352                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        26293                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          523                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1965744                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2130120                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       376272                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        15048                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       370816                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       210344                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         4184                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.020150                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        62125                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        26281                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          631                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        23819                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        46352                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        84658                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       497000                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1892232                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5048                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1714968                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       370816                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       677264                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     3.354374                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0      7498178                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3708599                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          414                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      5258178                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7438185                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2001492                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1550                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      9678185                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     59985424                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    267019128                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3312                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    378588816                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     59505480                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     16011936                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        12400                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     77425480                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     3.187307                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1      3708532                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3709668                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3739815                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5326                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2001492                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7438185                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2001492                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        50312                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2137                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      3709133                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     29668256                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    267096096                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    269266680                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        42608                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    144107424                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     59505480                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     16011936                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       402496                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        17096                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     29673064                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.429484                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1853768                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          472                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       999763                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1029596                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1854147                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     14830144                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        33984                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     71982936                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      8236768                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9472                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     14833176                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.560739                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1882038                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       999763                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          851                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    135506736                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      7998104                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9472                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         6808                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.430152                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1854764                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          477                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1001729                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1031401                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1854986                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     14838112                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        34344                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     72124488                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      8251208                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9472                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     14839888                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.561075                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1883030                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1001729                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          699                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    135578160                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      8013832                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9472                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         5592                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016147                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        56723                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          414                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      4084056                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        29808                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001934                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        59505                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       476040                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.010813                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         5365                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        22157                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         5734                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2980                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        26711                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        16546                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          402                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       386280                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1595304                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       412848                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        23840                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       213688                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       132368                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         3216                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024824                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        18123                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        55423                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         5743                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1250                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        72389                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1208                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1304856                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3990456                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       413496                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        10000                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       579112                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        46080                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9664                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     2.288175                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3657742                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3632650                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        33085                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1449                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7292733                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1713                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          116                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    263357424                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    261550800                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2382120                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        11592                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     58341864                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        13704                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          928                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.019818                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        27302                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        29585                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         5226                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1881                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        46352                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        26293                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          523                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1965744                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2130120                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       376272                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        15048                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       370816                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       210344                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         4184                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     3.354374                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      7498178                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3708599                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2          414                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      5258178                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7438185                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2001492                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1550                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      9678185                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     59985424                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    267019128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3312                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    378588816                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     59505480                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     16011936                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        12400                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     77425480                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.429484                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1853768                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::2          472                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       999763                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1029596                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1854147                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     14830144                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        33984                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     71982936                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      8236768                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9472                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     14833176                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.430152                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1854764                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::2          477                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1001729                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1031401                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1854986                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     14838112                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        34344                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     72124488                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      8251208                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9472                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     14839888                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.016147                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::2        56723                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          414                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      4084056                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        29808                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     89338951                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       4.562871                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.223238                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     22.715266                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    87673382     98.14%     98.14% |     1632757      1.83%     99.96% |        6819      0.01%     99.97% |        6842      0.01%     99.98% |       13822      0.02%     99.99% |        5209      0.01%    100.00% |         109      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      89338951                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     84309738                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    84309738    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     84309738                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5029213                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    64.290847                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.854864                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.387300                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     3363644     66.88%     66.88% |     1632757     32.47%     99.35% |        6819      0.14%     99.48% |        6842      0.14%     99.62% |       13822      0.27%     99.89% |        5209      0.10%    100.00% |         109      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5029213                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     14986347                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.133364                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.007231                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      4.289233                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    14986080    100.00%    100.00% |         121      0.00%    100.00% |         145      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      14986347                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     14958268                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14958268    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     14958268                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        28079                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    72.179137                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.779614                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.009661                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       27812     99.05%     99.05% |         121      0.43%     99.48% |         145      0.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        28079                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    371515696                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.006629                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000727                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.745032                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   371511453    100.00%    100.00% |        4066      0.00%    100.00% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    371515696                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    371427084                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   371427084    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    371427084                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        88612                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    28.792951                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.071822                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    39.432987                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       84369     95.21%     95.21% |        4066      4.59%     99.80% |          70      0.08%     99.88% |          29      0.03%     99.91% |          54      0.06%     99.97% |          23      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        88612                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       173980                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.644764                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.117959                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    14.316477                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      173272     99.59%     99.59% |         669      0.38%     99.98% |          17      0.01%     99.99% |           6      0.00%     99.99% |          13      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       173980                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       168479                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      168479    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       168479                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5501                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    53.018906                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.006188                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    62.149582                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        4793     87.13%     87.13% |         669     12.16%     99.29% |          17      0.31%     99.60% |           6      0.11%     99.71% |          13      0.24%     99.95% |           2      0.04%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5501                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5105713                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    63.529581                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     8.707660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    84.096277                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |     5060037     99.11%     99.11% |       22573      0.44%     99.55% |       22890      0.45%    100.00% |         201      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      5105713                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2758940                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2758940    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      2758940                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2346773                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   137.041318                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   110.886603                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.388217                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     2301097     98.05%     98.05% |       22573      0.96%     99.02% |       22890      0.98%     99.99% |         201      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2346773                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5105713                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5105713    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total      5105713                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5105713                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5105713    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      5105713                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     1001923     49.95%     49.95% |     1003836     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      2005759                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      851845     50.03%     50.03% |      850928     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      1702773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      999741     49.95%     49.95% |     1001692     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      2001433                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |          22     37.29%     37.29% |          37     62.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total           59                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |      250938     50.03%     50.03% |      250634     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total       501572                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |      600907     50.03%     50.03% |      600294     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total      1201201                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |     1003107     49.95%     49.95% |     1005020     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2008127                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |      999763     49.95%     49.95% |     1001729     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total      2001492                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1882038     49.99%     49.99% |     1883030     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      3765068                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     1000947     49.95%     49.95% |     1002913     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2003860                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       28649     50.14%     50.14% |       28488     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        57137                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1184     50.00%     50.00% |        1184     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2368                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |         379     63.06%     63.06% |         222     36.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total          601                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |         472     49.74%     49.74% |         477     50.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total          949                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |      894994     49.94%     49.94% |      897264     50.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      1792258                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |      250938     50.03%     50.03% |      250634     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total       501572                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |      999742     49.95%     49.95% |     1001693     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total      2001435                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       28270     50.00%     50.00% |       28266     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        56536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         703     50.07%     50.07% |         701     49.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1404                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |      106929     50.08%     50.08% |      106572     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total       213501                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |      600907     50.03%     50.03% |      600294     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total      1201201                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |          22     37.29%     37.29% |          37     62.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total           59                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.DMA_WRITE |           9     60.00%     60.00% |           6     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.DMA_WRITE::total           15                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      999741     49.95%     49.95% |     1001692     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      2001433                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |          22     37.29%     37.29% |          37     62.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total           59                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         379     63.06%     63.06% |         222     36.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          601                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         472     49.74%     49.74% |         477     50.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          949                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |      250938     50.03%     50.03% |      250634     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total       501572                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |      250938     50.03%     50.03% |      250634     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total       501572                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |      600907     50.03%     50.03% |      600294     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total      1201201                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |      600907     50.03%     50.03% |      600294     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total      1201201                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |     1001923     49.95%     49.95% |     1003836     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2005759                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |     1001923     49.95%     49.95% |     1003836     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total      2005759                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Ack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |      999741     49.95%     49.95% |     1001692     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total      2001433                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |          22     37.29%     37.29% |          37     62.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total           59                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data |       28270     50.00%     50.00% |       28266     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data::total        56536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock |        1184     50.00%     50.00% |        1184     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock::total         2368                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack |        1182     49.98%     49.98% |        1183     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack::total         2365                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data |         472     49.74%     49.74% |         477     50.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data::total          949                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |         379     63.06%     63.06% |         222     36.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total          601                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       57137    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        57137                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       57137    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          57137                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack       |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack::total         2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Inv_Ack       |          15    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Inv_Ack::total           15                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks      |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks::total         2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       57137    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        57137                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       57137    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        57137                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack::total         2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Inv_Ack |          15    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Inv_Ack::total           15                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks::total         2368                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      355429      0.40%      0.40% |      916685      1.03%      1.42% |    87629322     98.09%     99.51% |      437527      0.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     89338963                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1833160      0.49%      0.49% |     4771653      1.28%      1.78% |   362183008     97.49%     99.27% |     2727875      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    371515696                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      258334      1.02%      1.02% |      606976      2.39%      3.41% |    24135085     95.13%     98.54% |      371362      1.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     25371757                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       28497      0.38%      0.38% |       73750      0.99%      1.37% |     7293569     97.98%     99.35% |       48203      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      7444019                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |           3      6.98%      6.98% |          17     39.53%     46.51% |          11     25.58%     72.09% |          12     27.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total           43                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        1452     27.21%     27.21% |        1432     26.83%     54.04% |         373      6.99%     61.03% |        2080     38.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         5337                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |       15024     33.65%     33.65% |        4179      9.36%     43.01% |        1324      2.97%     45.98% |       24118     54.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        44645                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |          86     20.77%     20.77% |         189     45.65%     66.43% |          31      7.49%     73.91% |         108     26.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total          414                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         402     17.87%     17.87% |        1208     53.71%     71.59% |         116      5.16%     76.75% |         523     23.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         2249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2980     39.42%     39.42% |        1250     16.53%     55.95% |        1449     19.17%     75.12% |        1881     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         7560                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       24023      0.62%      0.62% |       40890      1.05%      1.67% |     3795652     97.36%     99.03% |       37834      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      3898399                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |        9233      0.26%      0.26% |       38399      1.07%      1.32% |     3527825     98.00%     99.33% |       24279      0.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      3599736                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       17483      0.80%      0.80% |       26932      1.24%      2.04% |     2113059     96.93%     98.97% |       22533      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      2180007                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |        9228      0.18%      0.18% |       45457      0.86%      1.04% |     5179674     98.51%     99.55% |       23819      0.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      5258178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        4659      0.20%      0.20% |       14230      0.60%      0.79% |     2342580     98.41%     99.21% |       18884      0.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total      2380353                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |        9236      0.26%      0.26% |       38416      1.07%      1.32% |     3527836     98.00%     99.33% |       24291      0.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total      3599779                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       10464      0.21%      0.21% |       36736      0.73%      0.94% |     4959414     98.61%     99.55% |       22599      0.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      5029213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       18136     20.47%     20.47% |       28340     31.98%     52.45% |       21494     24.26%     76.71% |       20642     23.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        88612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        2296      0.10%      0.10% |       11294      0.48%      0.58% |     2313224     99.10%     99.68% |        7491      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2334305                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1786     31.50%     31.50% |        1361     24.00%     55.50% |         697     12.29%     67.80% |        1826     32.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         5670                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       80738      0.15%      0.15% |      147995      0.27%      0.42% |    54673892     99.38%     99.79% |      114232      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     55016857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1815024      0.49%      0.49% |     4743313      1.28%      1.77% |   362161514     97.51%     99.27% |     2707233      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    371427084                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        2360      5.13%      5.13% |        2919      6.34%     11.47% |       29345     63.79%     75.26% |       11381     24.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        46005                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       21018      0.55%      0.55% |       37049      0.96%      1.51% |     3766094     97.83%     99.33% |       25626      0.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      3849787                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |        3640     58.64%     58.64% |        1089     17.54%     76.19% |         488      7.86%     84.05% |         990     15.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         6207                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |         402     17.87%     17.87% |        1208     53.71%     71.59% |         116      5.16%     76.75% |         523     23.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |        1121     31.21%     31.21% |        1296     36.08%     67.29% |          89      2.48%     69.77% |        1086     30.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total         3592                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |           3      6.98%      6.98% |          17     39.53%     46.51% |          11     25.58%     72.09% |          12     27.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           43                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |         242     47.27%     47.27% |          86     16.80%     64.06% |          76     14.84%     78.91% |         108     21.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |         887     27.84%     27.84% |         692     21.72%     49.56% |         163      5.12%     54.68% |        1444     45.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total         3186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |        8133     28.29%     28.29% |         546      1.90%     30.19% |          54      0.19%     30.38% |       20015     69.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total        28748                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       14069      0.11%      0.11% |       70946      0.57%      0.69% |    12301846     99.13%     99.81% |       23453      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     12410314                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        1199      0.91%      0.91% |       18704     14.27%     15.19% |      109640     83.65%     98.84% |        1522      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       131065                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        1371      0.13%      0.13% |        3496      0.32%      0.45% |     1070375     99.43%     99.88% |        1300      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1076542                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         237     29.70%     29.70% |         317     39.72%     69.42% |          33      4.14%     73.56% |         211     26.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          798                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        1064     28.73%     28.73% |         830     22.41%     51.15% |         274      7.40%     58.55% |        1535     41.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         3703                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |        1899      1.45%      1.45% |       22976     17.57%     19.02% |      102864     78.64%     97.66% |        3059      2.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total       130798                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |         719      9.89%      9.89% |         916     12.60%     22.48% |        4889     67.23%     89.71% |         748     10.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total         7272                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          45     80.36%     80.36% |          11     19.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |           3      6.38%      6.38% |          34     72.34%     78.72% |           7     14.89%     93.62% |           3      6.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total           47                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |        3858      0.32%      0.32% |       23270      1.92%      2.24% |     1180367     97.38%     99.62% |        4659      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total      1212154                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      245988      1.47%      1.47% |      632014      3.78%      5.25% |    15583754     93.16%     98.41% |      266065      1.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     16727821                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      245199      1.20%      1.20% |      532171      2.61%      3.81% |    19318490     94.80%     98.61% |      282402      1.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     20378262                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |        4080      0.16%      0.16% |       31758      1.26%      1.43% |     2456188     97.80%     99.23% |       19318      0.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      2511344                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         328     24.28%     24.28% |         423     31.31%     55.59% |         175     12.95%     68.54% |         425     31.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         1351                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        2168     36.98%     36.98% |        1657     28.27%     65.25% |         484      8.26%     73.51% |        1553     26.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total         5862                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |          86     20.77%     20.77% |         189     45.65%     66.43% |          31      7.49%     73.91% |         108     26.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total          414                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |        1150      5.65%      5.65% |        4721     23.19%     28.84% |        7457     36.63%     65.47% |        7028     34.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total        20356                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |        6558      0.26%      0.26% |       40954      1.65%      1.92% |     2359483     95.34%     97.26% |       67806      2.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total      2474801                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          94     87.04%     87.04% |          14     12.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total          108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |          16     20.51%     20.51% |          23     29.49%     50.00% |          17     21.79%     71.79% |          22     28.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total           78                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |        5378      0.23%      0.23% |       15146      0.63%      0.86% |     2347469     98.32%     99.18% |       19632      0.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total      2387625                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        1391     37.89%     37.89% |         727     19.80%     57.70% |         591     16.10%     73.79% |         962     26.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         3671                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        2296      0.10%      0.10% |       11294      0.48%      0.58% |     2313224     99.10%     99.68% |        7491      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      2334305                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        1505     46.54%     46.54% |         310      9.59%     56.12% |         705     21.80%     77.92% |         714     22.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         3234                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |        2360      5.13%      5.13% |        2919      6.34%     11.47% |       29345     63.79%     75.26% |       11381     24.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total        46005                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |           3      6.98%      6.98% |          17     39.53%     46.51% |          11     25.58%     72.09% |          12     27.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total           43                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |          84     12.82%     12.82% |         213     32.52%     45.34% |         153     23.36%     68.70% |         205     31.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          655                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |        4659      0.20%      0.20% |       14230      0.60%      0.79% |     2342580     98.41%     99.21% |       18884      0.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total      2380353                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       24023      0.62%      0.62% |       40890      1.05%      1.67% |     3795652     97.36%     99.03% |       37834      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      3898399                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        4577      0.38%      0.38% |       24186      1.98%      2.36% |     1185256     97.20%     99.56% |        5407      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      1219426                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           6     85.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |       17483      0.80%      0.80% |       26932      1.24%      2.04% |     2113059     96.93%     98.97% |       22533      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total      2180007                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        3535      0.21%      0.21% |       10117      0.61%      0.82% |     1653035     99.00%     99.81% |        3093      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1669780                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         242     47.27%     47.27% |          86     16.80%     64.06% |          76     14.84%     78.91% |         108     21.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        5451      0.15%      0.15% |       35254      0.98%      1.13% |     3526563     98.29%     99.43% |       20618      0.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      3587886                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        5117869      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        2380354      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            512      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        3587886      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only      3755899      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS          93901      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX           949      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA            601      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Inv                 15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks       2005759      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data           3708532      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive           67      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA      1669780      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      3588398      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack      2001492      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock        6078406      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      3599779      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck             414      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      3643389      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1702773      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      1939392      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         6207      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX        42731      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only      1661551      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         8229      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS         9565      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         2082      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX      3587886      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_GETX           67      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA          414      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS         9453      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX           74      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          285      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS        19295      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX         3155      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          227      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only         9810      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS        18320      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS      2087214      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX        22558      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Inv               15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement      1631993      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS          521      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX           50      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only          117      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS          459      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement           59      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS        69233      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX         1078      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only      2084421      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS        66880      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         9903      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      1213564      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       369233      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX          882      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_DMA          187      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      2001434      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFGX.Data_Exclusive           67      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          285      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock         9810      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          227      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock        18320      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_PUTS            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock        66880      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_PUTS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         8229      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA      1661551      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock      2084421      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock          117      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock          459      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      3587886      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         6207      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock         9453      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock           50      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS           25      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock         3703      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock         8018      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock        19295      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock         3155      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data       1702773      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock      1702773      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data       1961950      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data        43809      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks      2005759      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock      2005759      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock       369233      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock      2087214      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock      1213564      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock          521      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock        69233      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack      2001433      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack           59      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck          414      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.336467                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1336467374000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54849174814001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  87549                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   153946                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              302207950                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2603332                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4422.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   387170053                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     680800815                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    263555840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         263555840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    129067584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      129067584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4118060                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            4118060                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2016681                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           2016681                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    197203348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            197203348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     96573689                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            96573689                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    293777036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           293777036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    4118060                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   2016681                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  4118060                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 2016681                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             263486656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  69184                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              129067584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              263555840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           129067584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  1081                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           253998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           257224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           261455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           252912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           255647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           250726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           249934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           251095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           265146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           270506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          263473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          258862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          255528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          258816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          260240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          251417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           125358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           125316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           126441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           125528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           124316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           123444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           123308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           123087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           129934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           129493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          127850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          127316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          127373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          127254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          125984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          124679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1336464992000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              4118060                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             2016681                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                4110717                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   6237                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 87390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 91557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                110393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                115476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                115660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                115178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                114942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                114902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                114965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                114860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                114937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                115067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                114871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                115221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                116138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                115820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                114562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                114501                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      5154779                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    76.153506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.246189                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    46.717899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      4495995     87.22%     87.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       603850     11.71%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        41396      0.80%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4469      0.09%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1824      0.04%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1200      0.02%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          892      0.02%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          805      0.02%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4348      0.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      5154779                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       114493                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.958521                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    65.030179                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023       114491    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20480-21503            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       114493                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       114493                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.614011                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.591492                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.875634                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           23551     20.57%     20.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17            3331      2.91%     23.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           81773     71.42%     94.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            5514      4.82%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             276      0.24%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              30      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22              12      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       114493                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 80764609981                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           157957966231                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               20584895000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    19617.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               38367.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      197.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       96.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   197.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    96.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  841084                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 137800                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                20.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                6.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    217851.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   15.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             19245938040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy             10501255875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            15932163000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            6459743520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         87829329120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        826603130385                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy         81730259250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1048301819190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           779.579741                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 126829348000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  44627700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1165013833250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             19755338400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy             10779202500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            16334635200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            6610325760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         87829329120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        828303313275                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy         80238870750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1049851015005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           780.731815                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 125396455500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  44627700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1166445878250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    263646784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         263646784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    129211904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      129211904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4119481                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            4119481                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2018936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           2018936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    197271396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            197271396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     96681675                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            96681675                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    293953070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           293953070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    4119481                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   2018936                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  4119481                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 2018936                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             263577152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  69632                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              129212480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              263646784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           129211904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  1088                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           253965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           257362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           261645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           251767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           255756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           252574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           250416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           250039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           265404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           269671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          263798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          259371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          254794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          260128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          259363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          252340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           124811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           125877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           126964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           124730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           124892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           124467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           123562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           122989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           130060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           129531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          128142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          127219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          126858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          127919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14          125778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          125146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1336465119000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              4119481                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             2018936                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                4112236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   6121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 87989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 92173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                110683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                115541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                115647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                115206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                114983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                114904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                115038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                114954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                115036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                115143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                114960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                115261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                116119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                115909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                114612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                114557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      5158170                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    76.149053                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.241590                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    46.733467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      4499372     87.23%     87.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       603706     11.70%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        41559      0.81%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4425      0.09%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1840      0.04%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1219      0.02%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          914      0.02%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          755      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4380      0.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      5158170                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       114555                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.952267                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    70.508919                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023       114553    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       114555                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       114555                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.624242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.601914                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.872097                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           23122     20.18%     20.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17            3239      2.83%     23.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           82148     71.71%     94.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            5740      5.01%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             265      0.23%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              16      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22              17      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       114555                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 80677250229                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           157897118979                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               20591965000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    19589.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               38339.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      197.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       96.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   197.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    96.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  840930                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 138240                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                20.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                6.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    217721.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   15.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             19265684760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy             10512030375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            15935774400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            6469379280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         87829329120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        826239539070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy         82049199000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1048300936005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           779.579084                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 127363980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  44627700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1164472408750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             19760955480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy             10782267375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            16341670800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            6615380160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         87829329120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        827973233685                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy         80528414250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1049831250870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           780.717118                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 125880913751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  44627700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1165961031999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2673763236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    3662729                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      7288093                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              7165274                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                 20611                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     175687                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       554663                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     7165274                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                        20611                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           14429141                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           5757730                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               32961                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              16085                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             4072181                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            2220103                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      1696201                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    1001819                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    694382                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2656691514.213604                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              17071721.786396                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.006385                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.993615                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           799431                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                69758      0.96%      0.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  5484745     75.25%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    7164      0.10%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    15547      0.21%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  15328      0.21%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 1001819     13.74%     90.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 694382      9.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   7288759                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2672934748                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  105042957                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    213115713                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            199224710                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              11005062                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    3533694                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     16723107                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   199224710                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     11005062                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          392088402                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         159601451                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            21509246                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           10903833                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           117618186                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           66559942                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     42254875                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   29299666                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  12955209                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1602588555.028801                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1070346192.971199                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.400439                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.599561                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         24580017                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               522632      0.25%      0.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                159902513     75.03%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   33037      0.02%     75.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     8247      0.00%     75.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd               10404182      4.88%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                29299666     13.75%     93.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               12955209      6.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 213125502                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2671834173                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  270145628                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    444311407                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            348247826                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses             109602133                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    5422202                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     16537474                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   348247826                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                    109602133                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          740636909                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         277443839                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads           204630622                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes          105647692                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           178343917                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          153284357                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     93325963                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   74125832                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  19200131                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              1086946045.008598                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1584888127.991402                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.593184                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.406816                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         26673248                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              3935639      0.89%      0.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                256019413     57.62%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    5123      0.00%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     6646      0.00%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               91021277     20.49%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                74125832     16.68%     95.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               19200131      4.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 444314061                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2673197407                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    5086161                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      9867037                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              9699088                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 16607                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     193925                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       815609                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     9699088                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        16607                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           18944206                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           7831305                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               26961                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              13104                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             5702947                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            3601172                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      2064659                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1229116                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    835543                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2647890147.427468                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              25307259.572532                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.009467                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.990533                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1109670                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                56565      0.57%      0.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  7711254     78.15%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    8353      0.08%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    14177      0.14%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                  12384      0.13%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1229116     12.46%     91.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 835543      8.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   9867440                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1692                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1692                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2912                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2912                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           66                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           64                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           66                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    9472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          350                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          404                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2518                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          490                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2562                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          330                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          417                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2443                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          335                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2487                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    10394                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              2442000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               215982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1937500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1031474                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1061345                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1087270                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1032974                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              156439                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1792000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1832000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1764500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1727500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          886                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      3629056                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          886                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           39                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       159744                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           39                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1168124092                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000979                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1168122973    100.00%    100.00% |        1119      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1168124092                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1168124092                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.691586                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.077538                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        16.466236                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1167883670     99.98%     99.98% |      104592      0.01%     99.99% |      134290      0.01%    100.00% |        1227      0.00%    100.00% |         194      0.00%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1168124092                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1146487883                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1146487883    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1146487883                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     21636209                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    92.327583                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    56.366142                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    80.325948                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    21395787     98.89%     98.89% |      104592      0.48%     99.37% |      134290      0.62%     99.99% |        1227      0.01%    100.00% |         194      0.00%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     21636209                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1663426                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        43993                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1707419                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      4838104                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        37812                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4875916                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     47093460                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      6525020                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     53618480                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    137367986                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        49079                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    137417065                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            10                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits    104880824                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      7316201                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    112197025                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits    363273603                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        31688                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses    363305291                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            23                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1993763                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        83066                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2076829                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      6648495                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        51172                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      6699667                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      5886988                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      8251043                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     14138031                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.014978                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::0        81805                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        19516                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        52037                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        34246                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6572                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        30752                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       138652                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        24146                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          919                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       120379                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       654440                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1405152                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3746664                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2465712                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        52576                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2214144                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1109216                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       193168                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         7352                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       963032                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     1.183548                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      6574099                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      4453294                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2108092                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        21016                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4537                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      4625688                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     11421538                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         8359                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1393                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      7659180                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     52592792                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    320637168                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    151782624                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1513152                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        36296                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    333049536                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     91372304                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        66872                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        11144                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     61273440                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     1.350064                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::0      7347889                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3661908                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3648924                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        43468                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3854                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      5188659                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     14626684                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6501                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1183                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      9472572                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     58783112                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    263657376                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    262722528                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3129696                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        30832                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    373583448                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    117013472                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        52008                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9464                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     75780576                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.024097                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::0       134238                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        46354                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        77935                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        41434                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5411                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        55354                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       223538                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        31515                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1327                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       190648                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1073904                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      3337488                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5611320                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2983248                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        43288                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3985488                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1788304                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       252120                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        10616                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1525184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     3.817541                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::0     14138031                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::1      8181005                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::2     16363213                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5886988                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2        10745                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     13933574                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     26410412                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      8066242                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        70521                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1552                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4637                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     25624387                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    113104248                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     65448040                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2   1178151336                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    423863136                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        85960                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1003217328                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    211283296                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     64529936                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       564168                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        12416                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        37096                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    204995096                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.630859                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::1      4089790                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::2      4118532                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2015433                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      4060765                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          853                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      4090171                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     32718320                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    296534304                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    145111176                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     32486120                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         6824                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     32721368                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.631233                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Request_Control::1      4091215                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::2      4119958                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2017688                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      4065112                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          699                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      4091437                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     32729720                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    296636976                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    145273536                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     32520896                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         5592                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     32731496                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.005414                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Data::2        56723                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Control::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        59635                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      4084056                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        29952                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       477080                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        39936                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.850860                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::0     14138031                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::1      8181005                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::2     16419749                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5886988                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        70290                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2        15567                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     13933574                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     26410412                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      8125877                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        70521                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1552                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4822                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     25624387                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    113104248                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     65448040                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2   1182221928                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    423863136                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      5060880                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       124536                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1003217328                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    211283296                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     65007016                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        39936                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       564168                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        12416                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        38576                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    204995096                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     66957108                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     49259247                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data     17660964                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data       210870                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        46701                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     41800722                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control    103623843                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control       216219                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control        14326                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     76873161                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    535656864                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   3546665784                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data   1271589408                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data     15182640                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       373608                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   3009651984                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    828990744                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control      1729752                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control       114608                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    614985288                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.015629                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        19516                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        52037                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        10176                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5567                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        69326                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        24146                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          919                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1405152                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3746664                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       732672                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        44536                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       554608                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       193168                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         7352                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.014327                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        81805                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        24070                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1005                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        30752                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        69326                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       120379                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       654440                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1733040                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         8040                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2214144                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       554608                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       963032                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     1.213836                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      4453227                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2108092                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12752                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2955                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5710769                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         8359                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1393                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    320632344                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    151782624                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       918144                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        23640                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     45686152                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        66872                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        11144                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     1.153260                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      6574099                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2           67                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         8264                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1582                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      4625688                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5710769                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      7659180                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     52592792                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         4824                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       595008                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        12656                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    333049536                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     45686152                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     61273440                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     1.374038                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3661908                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3648924                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        37012                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2640                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7313342                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6501                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1183                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    263657376                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    262722528                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2664864                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        21120                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     58506736                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        52008                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9464                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     1.326090                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      7347889                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6456                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1214                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      5188659                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7313342                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      9472572                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     58783112                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       464832                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         9712                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    373583448                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     58506736                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     75780576                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.025376                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        46354                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        77935                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         9934                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3974                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       111769                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        31515                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1327                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      3337488                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5611320                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       715248                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        31792                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       894152                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       252120                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        10616                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022817                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       134238                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        31500                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1437                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        55354                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       111769                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       190648                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1073904                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2268000                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        11496                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3985488                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       894152                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1525184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     3.957351                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0     14138031                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      8181072                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      9900453                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     13205206                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      4033121                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1552                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     17442779                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    113104248                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    589037184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    712832616                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    105641648                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     32264968                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        12416                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    139542232                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     3.677731                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1      8181005                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      8182141                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5886988                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        10329                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      4033121                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     13205206                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      4033121                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        70521                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4637                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      8181608                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     65448040                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    589114152                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    423863136                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        82632                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    290384712                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    105641648                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     32264968                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       564168                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        37096                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     65452864                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.530684                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1      4089790                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          472                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2015433                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2045332                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      4090171                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     32718320                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        33984                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    145111176                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     16362656                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     32721368                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.731033                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      4118060                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2015433                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          853                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    296500320                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     16123464                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         6824                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.531154                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1      4091215                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          477                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2017688                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2047424                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      4091437                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     32729720                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        34344                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    145273536                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     16379392                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     32731496                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.731312                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      4119481                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2017688                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          699                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    296602632                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     16141504                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         5592                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.009667                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        56723                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      4084056                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        29952                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001162                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        59635                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       477080                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.015629                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        19516                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        52037                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        10176                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5567                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        69326                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        24146                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          919                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1405152                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3746664                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       732672                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        44536                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       554608                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       193168                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         7352                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     1.213836                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      4453227                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2108092                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12752                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2955                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5710769                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         8359                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1393                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    320632344                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    151782624                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       918144                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        23640                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     45686152                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        66872                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        11144                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     1.374038                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3661908                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3648924                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        37012                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2640                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7313342                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6501                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1183                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    263657376                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    262722528                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2664864                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        21120                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     58506736                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        52008                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9464                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.025376                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        46354                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        77935                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         9934                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3974                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       111769                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        31515                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1327                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      3337488                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5611320                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       715248                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        31792                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       894152                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       252120                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        10616                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     3.957351                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0     14138031                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      8181072                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      9900453                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     13205206                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      4033121                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1552                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     17442779                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    113104248                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    589037184                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    712832616                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    105641648                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     32264968                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        12416                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    139542232                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.530684                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1      4089790                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::2          472                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2015433                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2045332                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      4090171                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     32718320                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        33984                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    145111176                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     16362656                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     32721368                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.531154                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1      4091215                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::2          477                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2017688                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2047424                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      4091437                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     32729720                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        34344                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    145273536                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     16379392                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     32731496                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.009667                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::2        56723                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      4084056                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        29952                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    216766147                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       5.764297                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.280204                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     26.591187                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   216656281     99.95%     99.95% |       43547      0.02%     99.97% |       65424      0.03%    100.00% |         613      0.00%    100.00% |         167      0.00%    100.00% |          90      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     216766147                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    202366083                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   202366083    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    202366083                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     14400064                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    72.717622                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    41.199255                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.434345                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    14290198     99.24%     99.24% |       43547      0.30%     99.54% |       65424      0.45%     99.99% |         613      0.00%    100.00% |         167      0.00%    100.00% |          90      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     14400064                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     41193144                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.394365                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.098903                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     18.803862                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    41180243     99.97%     99.97% |        4544      0.01%     99.98% |        8311      0.02%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      41193144                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     40365110                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    40365110    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     40365110                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       828034                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   120.115207                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   109.056543                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    60.720520                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      815133     98.44%     98.44% |        4544      0.55%     98.99% |        8311      1.00%     99.99% |          43      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       828034                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    883813635                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.008320                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000895                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.848275                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   883800639    100.00%    100.00% |       12460      0.00%    100.00% |         181      0.00%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |         194      0.00%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    883813635                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    883555272                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   883555272    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    883555272                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       258363                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    29.462829                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.298151                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    40.640283                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      245367     94.97%     94.97% |       12460      4.82%     99.79% |         181      0.07%     99.86% |          83      0.03%     99.89% |         194      0.08%     99.97% |          76      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       258363                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1192400                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    14.530339                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.731802                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    41.792172                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1178421     98.83%     98.83% |       12348      1.04%     99.86% |         405      0.03%     99.90% |          39      0.00%     99.90% |         762      0.06%     99.96% |         399      0.03%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1192400                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1051576                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1051576    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1051576                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       140824                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   115.565529                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   104.577552                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.689829                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      126845     90.07%     90.07% |       12348      8.77%     98.84% |         405      0.29%     99.13% |          39      0.03%     99.16% |         762      0.54%     99.70% |         399      0.28%     99.98% |          18      0.01%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       140824                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     12579383                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    66.275504                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     9.529439                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    84.834575                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |    12463895     99.08%     99.08% |       55793      0.44%     99.53% |       59124      0.47%    100.00% |         545      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     12579383                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6570459                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6570459    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      6570459                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6008924                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   137.651014                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   112.105967                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.889136                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     5893436     98.08%     98.08% |       55793      0.93%     99.01% |       59124      0.98%     99.99% |         545      0.01%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      6008924                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples     12579383                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12579383    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total     12579383                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12579383                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12579383    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     12579383                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     2016780     49.97%     49.97% |     2019114     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      4035894                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |     2073010     50.01%     50.01% |     2072101     49.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      4145111                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     2015393     49.97%     49.97% |     2017629     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      4033022                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |          40     40.40%     40.40% |          59     59.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total           99                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |      835828     50.04%     50.04% |      834559     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total      1670387                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |     1237182     49.99%     49.99% |     1237542     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total      2474724                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |     2018028     49.97%     49.97% |     2020362     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4038390                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |     2015433     49.97%     49.97% |     2017688     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total      4033121                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     4118060     49.99%     49.99% |     4119481     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      8237541                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     2016681     49.97%     49.97% |     2018936     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      4035617                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       28651     50.14%     50.14% |       28488     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        57139                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1248     50.00%     50.00% |        1248     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2496                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |         381     63.18%     63.18% |         222     36.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total          603                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |         472     49.74%     49.74% |         477     50.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total          949                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |     1395457     49.95%     49.95% |     1398504     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      2793961                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |      835828     50.04%     50.04% |      834559     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total      1670387                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |     2015394     49.97%     49.97% |     2017632     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total      4033026                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       28270     50.00%     50.00% |       28266     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        56536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         767     50.07%     50.07% |         765     49.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1532                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |      621323     50.03%     50.03% |      620610     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total      1241933                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |     1237182     49.99%     49.99% |     1237542     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total      2474724                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |          40     40.40%     40.40% |          59     59.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total           99                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.DMA_WRITE |           9     60.00%     60.00% |           6     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.DMA_WRITE::total           15                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     2015393     49.97%     49.97% |     2017629     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      4033022                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |          40     40.40%     40.40% |          59     59.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total           99                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         381     63.18%     63.18% |         222     36.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          603                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         472     49.74%     49.74% |         477     50.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          949                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |      835828     50.04%     50.04% |      834559     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total      1670387                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |      835828     50.04%     50.04% |      834559     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total      1670387                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |     1237182     49.99%     49.99% |     1237542     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total      2474724                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |     1237182     49.99%     49.99% |     1237542     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total      2474724                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |     2016780     49.97%     49.97% |     2019114     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4035894                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |     2016780     49.97%     49.97% |     2019114     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total      4035894                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Ack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |     2015393     49.97%     49.97% |     2017629     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total      4033022                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |          40     40.40%     40.40% |          59     59.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total           99                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data |       28270     50.00%     50.00% |       28266     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data::total        56536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock |        1248     50.00%     50.00% |        1248     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock::total         2496                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack |        1246     50.02%     50.02% |        1245     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack::total         2491                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data |         472     49.74%     49.74% |         477     50.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data::total          949                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |         381     63.18%     63.18% |         222     36.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total          603                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       57139    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        57139                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       57139    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          57139                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack       |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack::total         2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Inv_Ack       |          15    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Inv_Ack::total           15                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks      |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks::total         2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       57139    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        57139                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       57139    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        57139                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack::total         2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Inv_Ack |          15    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Inv_Ack::total           15                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks::total         2496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      952078      0.75%      0.75% |    37452756     29.39%     30.14% |    87876979     68.96%     99.10% |     1145466      0.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    127427279                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     4875916      0.95%      0.95% |   137417065     26.82%     27.78% |   363305291     70.92%     98.69% |     6699673      1.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    512297945                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      755346      1.79%      1.79% |    16165790     38.33%     40.12% |    24320056     57.67%     97.79% |      931375      2.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     42172567                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       73945      0.56%      0.56% |     5713667     43.23%     43.78% |     7315931     55.35%     99.13% |      114745      0.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     13218288                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |          76     46.34%     46.34% |          28     17.07%     63.41% |          45     27.44%     90.85% |          15      9.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total          164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        3488     34.08%     34.08% |        1903     18.59%     52.67% |        1677     16.38%     69.05% |        3168     30.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        10236                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |       20660     34.33%     34.33% |        6308     10.48%     44.81% |        4949      8.22%     53.03% |       28269     46.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        60186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |          86     20.67%     20.67% |         189     45.43%     66.11% |          31      7.45%     73.56% |         110     26.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total          416                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         919     19.06%     19.06% |        1393     28.89%     47.95% |        1183     24.53%     72.48% |        1327     27.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         4822                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        5567     36.78%     36.78% |        2955     19.52%     56.30% |        2640     17.44%     73.74% |        3974     26.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        15136                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       52657      0.70%      0.70% |     3549320     47.33%     48.03% |     3811566     50.83%     98.86% |       85543      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      7499086                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       29072      0.44%      0.44% |     3024751     45.56%     46.00% |     3536278     53.27%     99.27% |       48680      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      6638781                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       38574      1.17%      1.17% |     1085081     32.83%     34.00% |     2124683     64.29%     98.29% |       56410      1.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      3304748                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |       30752      0.31%      0.31% |     4625688     46.72%     47.03% |     5188659     52.41%     99.44% |       55354      0.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      9900453                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       17461      0.38%      0.38% |     2198238     47.81%     48.19% |     2347597     51.06%     99.26% |       34133      0.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total      4597429                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |       29148      0.44%      0.44% |     3024778     45.56%     46.00% |     3536323     53.27%     99.27% |       48695      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total      6638944                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       26532      0.28%      0.28% |     4326782     46.17%     46.46% |     4968604     53.02%     99.48% |       48933      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      9370851                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       37812     22.27%     22.27% |       49079     28.91%     51.19% |       31688     18.67%     69.85% |       51172     30.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       169751                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       13412      0.36%      0.36% |     1340639     36.33%     36.70% |     2317570     62.81%     99.50% |       18363      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      3689984                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        4619     35.93%     35.93% |        2841     22.10%     58.03% |        2450     19.06%     77.08% |        2946     22.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        12856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      211764      0.29%      0.29% |    18922090     25.51%     25.79% |    54742217     73.80%     99.59% |      301027      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     74177098                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     4838104      0.94%      0.94% |   137367986     26.82%     27.77% |   363273603     70.93%     98.70% |     6648495      1.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    512128188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        3973      0.44%      0.44% |      857571     94.52%     94.96% |       29982      3.30%     98.26% |       15755      1.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       907281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       47567      0.72%      0.72% |     2690287     40.84%     41.57% |     3780243     57.39%     98.96% |       68535      1.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      6586632                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |        6177     53.40%     53.40% |        2074     17.93%     71.33% |        1501     12.98%     84.31% |        1815     15.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total        11567                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |         919     19.08%     19.08% |        1393     28.92%     48.00% |        1183     24.56%     72.56% |        1322     27.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         4817                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |        1645     21.62%     21.62% |        1665     21.88%     43.50% |        2156     28.33%     71.84% |        2143     28.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total         7609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          76     46.34%     46.34% |          28     17.07%     63.41% |          45     27.44%     90.85% |          15      9.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |         329     36.60%     36.60% |         185     20.58%     57.17% |         225     25.03%     82.20% |         160     17.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          899                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |        1763     30.39%     30.39% |         830     14.31%     44.70% |         910     15.69%     60.39% |        2298     39.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total         5801                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |        8322     26.54%     26.54% |         687      2.19%     28.73% |         768      2.45%     31.18% |       21576     68.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total        31353                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       47132      0.29%      0.29% |     3768784     23.23%     23.52% |    12318656     75.93%     99.45% |       88921      0.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     16223493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        2653      1.18%      1.18% |      107267     47.54%     48.72% |      110175     48.83%     97.55% |        5537      2.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       225632                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        3853      0.22%      0.22% |      695282     39.16%     39.37% |     1071871     60.37%     99.74% |        4585      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1775591                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |        1036     54.35%     54.35% |         364     19.10%     73.45% |         247     12.96%     86.41% |         259     13.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1906                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        2100     30.91%     30.91% |        1043     15.35%     46.26% |        1201     17.68%     63.94% |        2450     36.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         6794                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |        6200      3.03%      3.03% |       83505     40.83%     43.86% |      104856     51.27%     95.12% |        9973      4.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total       204534                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |        2065      6.54%      6.54% |       22591     71.50%     78.04% |        5194     16.44%     94.48% |        1744      5.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total        31594                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          21     25.61%     25.61% |          45     54.88%     80.49% |          16     19.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total           82                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |           3     18.75%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |          11     68.75%     87.50% |           2     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |          56     30.27%     30.27% |          37     20.00%     50.27% |          83     44.86%     95.14% |           9      4.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total          185                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |        9622      0.48%      0.48% |      803949     40.00%     40.48% |     1183532     58.88%     99.36% |       12818      0.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total      2009921                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      656330      2.40%      2.40% |    10317455     37.67%     40.06% |    15732609     57.43%     97.49% |      686196      2.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     27392590                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      660473      2.01%      2.01% |    11996177     36.49%     38.49% |    19472494     59.22%     97.72% |      749863      2.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     32879007                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       17577      0.36%      0.36% |     2325015     48.02%     48.38% |     2461003     50.83%     99.21% |       38489      0.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      4842084                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         683     27.21%     27.21% |         709     28.25%     55.46% |         509     20.28%     75.74% |         609     24.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         2510                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        3903     38.99%     38.99% |        2435     24.33%     63.32% |        1289     12.88%     76.19% |        2383     23.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        10010                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |          86     20.67%     20.67% |         189     45.43%     66.11% |          31      7.45%     73.56% |         110     26.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total          416                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |        2475      4.85%      4.85% |       32411     63.52%     68.38% |        7874     15.43%     83.81% |        8261     16.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total        51021                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |       72689      1.64%      1.64% |     1841515     41.49%     43.12% |     2384593     53.72%     96.84% |      140098      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total      4438895                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          36     25.00%     25.00% |          94     65.28%     90.28% |          14      9.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total          144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |         102     36.82%     36.82% |          32     11.55%     48.38% |         107     38.63%     87.00% |          36     13.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total          277                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |       19526      0.42%      0.42% |     2220829     47.98%     48.40% |     2352791     50.83%     99.22% |       35877      0.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total      4629023                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        2551     35.43%     35.43% |        1288     17.89%     53.31% |        1111     15.43%     68.74% |        2251     31.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         7201                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |       13412      0.36%      0.36% |     1340639     36.33%     36.70% |     2317570     62.81%     99.50% |       18363      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      3689984                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        2472     43.53%     43.53% |         833     14.67%     58.20% |        1210     21.31%     79.50% |        1164     20.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         5679                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |        3973      0.44%      0.44% |      857571     94.52%     94.96% |       29982      3.30%     98.26% |       15755      1.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total       907281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |          76     46.34%     46.34% |          28     17.07%     63.41% |          45     27.44%     90.85% |          15      9.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total          164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         544     24.11%     24.11% |         834     36.97%     61.08% |         319     14.14%     75.22% |         559     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         2256                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |       17461      0.38%      0.38% |     2198238     47.81%     48.19% |     2347597     51.06%     99.26% |       34133      0.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total      4597429                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       52657      0.70%      0.70% |     3549320     47.33%     48.03% |     3811566     50.83%     98.86% |       85543      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      7499086                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |       11687      0.57%      0.57% |      826541     40.49%     41.06% |     1188726     58.23%     99.29% |       14562      0.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      2041516                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     62.50%     62.50% |           7     21.88%     84.38% |           5     15.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Inv::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |       38574      1.17%      1.17% |     1085081     32.83%     34.00% |     2124683     64.29%     98.29% |       56410      1.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total      3304748                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        8993      0.27%      0.27% |     1605206     48.91%     49.19% |     1655560     50.45%     99.63% |       12120      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      3281879                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         329     36.60%     36.60% |         185     20.58%     57.17% |         225     25.03%     82.20% |         160     17.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          899                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          44     86.27%     86.27% |           0      0.00%     86.27% |           7     13.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           51                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           5     55.56%     55.56% |           2     22.22%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       21430      0.32%      0.32% |     3020297     45.64%     45.96% |     3532874     53.39%     99.35% |       43074      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      6617675                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        9540779      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        4597431      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            899      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        6617675      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only      6443702      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS         142978      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX           949      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA            603      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Inv                 15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks       4035894      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data           8181005      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive           67      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA      3281879      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      6618574      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack      4033121      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock       10803834      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      6638945      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck             416      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      7249215      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      4145111      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      3094817      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS        11567      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX       880734      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only      3266758      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS        15121      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS        16804      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         4349      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX      6617675      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTS            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_GETX           67      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA          416      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS        10923      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX          208      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          537      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS        20430      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX         5757      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          362      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only        11680      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS        18838      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS      3190881      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX        37238      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Inv               15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement      3198602      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS          741      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX           96      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only          205      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS          639      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement           99      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS       112639      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX        23105      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only      3165059      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS       108327      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement        17492      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      2031506      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       551125      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX          882      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_DMA          187      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      4033022      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFGX.Data_Exclusive           67      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          537      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock        11680      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          362      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock        18838      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_PUTS           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock       108327      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_PUTS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA        15121      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA      3266758      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock      3165059      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock          205      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock          639      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      6617675      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock        11567      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock        10923      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock           96      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS           75      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock         6794      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock        14567      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock        20430      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS           54      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock         5757      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_GETS           24      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data       4145111      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock      4145111      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data       3132055      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.L1_PUTS           17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data       903839      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.L1_PUTS           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks      4035894      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock      4035894      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock       551125      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock      3190881      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock      2031506      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock          741      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_GETS            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock       112639      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack      4033022      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack           99      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck          416      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
